I have successfully booked it.  Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes starting at 7:15:PM. Your reference number is X4TB06R2.
You should try lan hong house , it is a nice place.Would you like restaurant-name address ?
Do you have a specific food type in mind?
The postcode is C.B 1, restaurant-book people D.Y and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 412430
Is there anything else i can assist you with?
There is not a restaurant-name serving Eritrean food listed. Would you like something else?  
We do not have any restaurant-name downtown, would you like me search in a different area?
Bangkok city serves Thai food in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would you like their phone number or address?
Galleria serves European food and is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and has a restaurant-price range price range.
Nandos is a nice restaurant-name in restaurant-name South part of town. It is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and serves Portuguese food. 
Saint johns chop house serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like their location? 
Do you want me to look at restaurant-name center of restaurant-name town?
Thank you, let me know if you need anything else, bye. 
I have two available. The Eraina and Michaelhouse Cafe. Can I assist you in booking a table at either of these?
The address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Unfortunately, restaurant-name restaurant-name is fully booked. Do you have another restaurant-name or type of food in mind?
That time slot is unavailable. Is there another time slot you want to book?
There are two restaurants serving Spanish food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range and restaurant-price range price range. Which price range would you prefer?
There are restaurant-name restaurants matching your requests.  Would you like another restaurant? 
Yes! The restaurant-name is at The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like me to book tickets?
The restaurant-name sounds like a good idea. Need a reservation?
I have restaurant-book people gastropubs in restaurant-name center of town. Does price range matter to you?
Sorry there are restaurant-name restaurant-price range middle eastern restaurants either. Do you want to try a different price range?
Yes I was able to get you into that restaurant-name and your reference number is  46AL3F0C.
The address is 3-34 Saint Andrews Street, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 327908. Do you need anything else?
No, thank you! Enjoy!
Then may I recommend Restaurant Two Two. It is French and tre manufique! Would you like to make reservations?
The contact number for restaurant-name Meghna is 01223727410. Is there anything else I can help you with?
There are two restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area area, both moderately priced.  Would you like their addresses?
Therea are restaurant-name Welsh restaurants listed.
Frankie and Bennys meets you criteria, would you like me to make a reservation for you?
We have restaurant-book people restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name center of town. Two are in Market Hill City Centre. Shall I just pick one for you?
Great. Have a great day!
Thank you, good bye.
The number is 01223 308681. Can I help you with anything else?
No problem, you enjoy your meal!
phone number is 01223 312598, postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people A.B.
I'm sorry, but there are restaurant-name restaurants serving restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Both restaurant-name restaurant-name alimentum and restaurant-name peking restaurant-name are restaurant-price range restaraunts in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like their phone numbers?
I do. It's a very nice Indian restaurant-name on restaurant-name West side. 
You can reach Pipasha restaurant-name at 01223 577786.
I have found restaurant-book people restaurants that match what you're looking for. Would you like me to go through them?
Sure! Yippee Noodle Bar is a moderately priced Asian Oriental restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. What other other information can I get for you? 
Which area you would like to search in?
There are restaurant-name restaurants matching your criteria. Would you like to search for something else?
what type of food do you want? 
You could try restaurant-name yippee noodle bar, which is restaurant-food oriental, and priced moderately. It is located at 40428 King Street City Centre. 
Peking is at 10 Homerton Street City Centre.  Do you need their phone number?
There is restaurant-name restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and meze bar restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range range. Both of them in restaurant-name centre. Do you like their information? 
Great I have you at stazione restaurant-name and coffee bar	at restaurant-book time and restaurant-name reference number is ZM5SFSMH. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurant-price range middle eastern restaurants. Can I look in a different price range?
There are 9 restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Do you have a price range?
There are 31 restaurants that fit your criteria. Is there a part of restaurant-name city you would prefer?
There are 33 restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of restaurant-name city. What type of cuisine are you seeking?
I was successfully able to book you a table for restaurant-book people at restaurant-book time at la margherita. Your reference number is 9HCUDTJK. Would you like restaurant-name address of restaurant-name restaurant?
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
da vinci pizzeria's phone number is 01223351707. Can I help you with anything else? 
There are two choices in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town with restaurant-price range price. One is Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton, which is Italian food. and restaurant-name other is restaurant-name alimentum, which is modern restaurant-food food.
How about bedouin? It is an restaurant-food cuisine that is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. 
There are restaurant-book people Indian restaurants that fit this. Would you like me to book one for you?
I am sorry there are none in any area of town,is there another type of food you would be interested in?
I show several restaurant-price range restaurants on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town. What kind of food would you like?
There are restaurant-name Danish restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like me to check for restaurants serving a different type of food?
There are Japanese, Italian, Modern European, Portuguese, Indian, and Mexican. Which of these do you prefer?
I was able to get you a table at The Golden Curry. Your reference number is 7DD4DK3N and they'll hold your table for 15 minutes. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you have a good day.
You are welcome.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
There is a very popular Chinese restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town called The Lucky Star, it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Sorry but there is not matching restaurants serving restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area .
I've booked that for you. Your confirmation number is UGFBZ3HB. They'll hold restaurant-name table for 15 minutes.
Cambridge lodge restaurant-name has good reviews and serves European food.
There are two choices in restaurant-name South area serving restaurant-price range food. Do you prefer Portuguese or Chinese?
It was my pleasure. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  You have a great day!
I have Backstreet Bistro and The Cow Pizza Kitchen Bar. They both serve restaurant-food food. Which one do you prefer?
The address for that restaurant-name is Regent Street City Centre.
There are restaurant-name restaurants for Austrian food matching your request. 
There are two restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range category in that area. Would you prefer Italian or Indian?
I found one in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and one in restaurant-name centre.
Good bye. Please call again if you have further questions.
Do you have a preferred cuisine type?
There's a restaurant-name that serves delicious Chinese food called Peking Restaurant in restaurant-name restaurant-price range range. Would you like their address and phone number?
I'm sorry, there is nothing meeting your criteria. What other type of cuisine  would you like?
Yes, restaurant-name Cambridge Lodge restaurant-name is also an upscale restaurant-name serving European food.
Thanh binh's address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 362456.
There are restaurant-book people British restaurants  in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, do you have a specific area you would prefer?
enjoy your meal!
You are welcome. Enjoy your dinner!
The Royal Spice is at Victoria Avenue Chesterton, their phone number is 01733553355. Can I help you with anything else?
restaurant-name is located at 21-24 northampton road. Do you want restaurant-name phone number? 
I'm so sorry but there doesn't seem to be any restaurants in restaurant-name city that offer restaurant-food food. Can I look for another cuisine style for you? 
Cocum is an Indian restaurant-name located at 71 Castle Street City Centre, and it's phone number is 01223 366668.
restaurant-name serves moderately priced restaurant-food food. Their address is 33 Bridge Street and restaurant-name postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people U.W
Sure! Do you have a price range?
There are two restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range that serve Portuguese food. What area would you like to go to?
What time shall we make that booking for?
There are three moderately priced restaurants in restaurant-name west. Would you prefer British, Indian, or Italian food?
da vinci pizzeria is an restaurant-food restaraunt in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like their phone number or address?
Royal Spice is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area area and restaurant-name postcode is cb41eh.
Thank you and good bye
Awesome. Take care!
Sure, it's 01223247877.
The Nirala's phone number is 01223 360966
There are restaurant-name restaurants matching that description. Would you like a different type of food?
The address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 727410.
Thank you! Have a great day!
You have a table at restaurant-name Rice House.  It will be held for 15 minutes and restaurant-name reference number is CBKXEVPZ.  Can I help you further?
Rajmahal is restaurant-name Indian restaurant. They are at restaurant-book people Barnwell Road Fen Ditton and their number is 01223 244955.
There are restaurant-name Peking Restaurant, which is expensive, restaurant-name Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway, which is also expensive, and restaurant-name Lucky Star, which is cheap.
Do you have a specific food type that you prefer?
There is one listing for North American food, Gourmet Burger Kitchen in Centre part of town.
Their number is 01223353110. Postcode is cb30ad.
You are booked at Panahar on Sunday at restaurant-book time for restaurant-book people people. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No restaurants serving English food are located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like me to check for a different location or cuisine?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : H6OB1O8J. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Pizza hut cherry hinton is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like their location? 
Royal spice is restaurant-price range and looks great.
Okay enjoy your dinner.
I'm sorry, there aren't any Scottish food restaurants. Would you like something else? 
Can you please tell me where you will be leaving from so I can book your taxi?
Curry Prince is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area area and serves restaurant-food food.
The address for Da Vinci Pizzeria is 20 Milton Road Chesterton and its phone number is 01223 351707.  Do you need anymore information?
Cocum's address is 71 Castle Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sure thing, restaurant-name address for restaurant-name Anatolia is 30 Bridge Street City Centre.  Anything else I can help you find?
I have a listing for ugly duckling,would you like me to make a reservation?
There is restaurant-name Ali Baba at restaurant-name city center, would you like to have restaurant-name address?
No problem! Thank you, and have a nice day.
There are 33 restaurants that meet that criteria. Are you looking for a certain type of food?
There is an Italian restaurant-name and one that serves Modern European. Which would you like?
I'm sorry, but there are restaurant-name restaurants matching your request.
Yes, there is one match. A restaurant-name called Yu Garden. 
The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to find another restaurant?
I would recommend peking restaurant, which is a nice restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area .
Italian and Indian food can be found for restaurant-price range in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like more information?
I was able to book yippee noodle bar, reference number is UCWKFIS4.
No, I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name Sri Lankan restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range or restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Can I help you find something else?
Yu Garden is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name in restaurant-name East part of town that services Chinese food.
Yes, I have nine possibilities fitting those parameters. Is there a specific type of food you're looking for?
You're welcome and have a great day!
You're welcome. Good-bye.
The address of Little Seoul Korean restaurant-name is 108 Regent Street City Centre, postcode C.B 2, restaurant-book people D.P
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar would be perfect for you! Would you like for me to book you a table?
I'm sorry, there is not a restaurant-name serving restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like to try restaurant-food food? 
01223 727410
Thank you, goodbye!
Alright, your table for restaurant-book people has been booked for Graffiti for Thursday at 11:15. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am sorry, there is restaurant-name moderately priced restaurant-food restaurant. Would you like me to check for a restaurant-name serving a different type of food? 
Alright, I got you a table at restaurant-name Graffiti. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and restaurant-name reference number is: FAVAELU5. Do you need restaurant-name address or phone number?
There are 57 restaurants that match your specifications. Do you want anything more specific?
I am sorry there are restaurant-name reservations at that time, can I find you another restaurant-name that fits what you are looking for?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 37MP7UCY. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Their address is 36 Saint Andrews Street and their phone number is 01223 462354.
I recommend Rajmahal. They serve great Indian food. Would you like their contact information?
I'm sorry, but I don't have Yelp ratings. 
Golden wok is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, is moderately priced and serves Chinese food.
Sure restaurant-name missing sock is in restaurant-name east, serves restaurant-price range food. Would you like to book a table?
Which day would you like to dine?
If there is anything else, don't hesitate to contact us again.  Good bye.
What time and for how many people would you like to book?
Sorry, I'm showing restaurant-name results for Greek restaurants. Any other foods you'd like to have?
Do you have a preference on area?
They are quite restaurant-price range .
There are many restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.  Are you looking for a specific kind of food?
saint johns chop house is located at 21-24 northampton street. Its phone number is 01223 353110 and restaurant-name postcode is CB30AD, Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Great. Have a wonderful evening!
I'm sorry, there is not a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like to try something else? 
Of course! It's a restaurant-price range Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area at Victoria Avenue Chesteron cb41eh. The phone number is 01733553355. May I help with anything else?
Their postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people U.J.
Prezzo is a moderately priced Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  There is also Indian and British food available in that area and price range.  Would you like more info?
THANK YOU GOO BYE
You're welcome. Bye
The phone number is 01223367755.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, there are 3.  Can I make a dinner reservation for you at one of them?
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I've found several British restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Does restaurant-name area of town matter to you?
sure, restaurant-food hut cherry hinton is located at G4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 413000. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
The Vietnamese restaurant's name is Thanh Binh, restaurant-name phone number is 01223 362456. Can I help you with anything else?
There are restaurant-name restaurants matching those preferences.  Would you like a different restaurant? 
I apologize, there are restaurant-name restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town that serve Irish food. Would you like to choose a different part of town or type of food?
I'm sorry but restaurant-name Cote was not available to reserve at that time. Can I help you find another restaurant?
There are three restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town that serve Chinese food. What price range would you like?
I am sorry there are restaurant-name others in restaurant-name same area and price range.
I was able to book at table at Nandos for restaurant-name time and date specified. Your reference number is 0W15TQOH. Can I help you with anything else today?
Sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurant-price range restaurants serving restaurant-food food. Would you like to look for something else?
Regretfully, there are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name centre. Would you like to try something else?
There are restaurant-book people options. Pizza hut cherry hinton serves Italian food and Restaurant alimentum serves modern European food.
You're welcome! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Enjoy your meal!
gourmet burger kitchen is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name that serves North American Food. Would that be acceptable?
The Missing Sock matches your request they are located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road C.B 25, 9 A.Q  01223 812660 is restaurant-name phone number
Bangkok City is at 24 Green street city and phone number is 01223 354382.
You would like a restaurant-name serving French food. Do you have a preference to what area it is located? 
Meghna is an Indian restaurant, it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, and it is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like restaurant-name phone number?
Where would you like to search for a restaurant, and what price range would you prefer?
I show one called restaurant-name PIZZA HUT FEN DITTON that serves Italian style food and is located on restaurant-name restaurant-area side in restaurant-name Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
da vinci pizzeria is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Their phone number is 01223 351707
There are five restaurant-price range restaurants that serve Italian food. What area would you like to search?
restaurant-name is located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.  Can I help you with anything else? 
The phone number for frankie and bennys is  01223 412430 and postcode is C.B 1, restaurant-book people D.Y
You're welcome. Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge Towninfo Centre.
yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton and its phone number is 01223248882. Can I help you with anything else?
There are restaurant-book people Chinese restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town and they're all in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. If you like, I can book you a table at one of these?
I have booked a table for restaurant-book people at restaurant-book time on Tuesday. They will hold restaurant-name table for up to 15 minutes. The reference number is 2VNS11P1.
For Town Centre, there are African, Asian Oriental, and British options. Which of these would you prefer?
yes, there are restaurant-book people restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name north. what price range would you prefer? 
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
The address is 14 - 16 Bridge Street, restaurant-name postcode is CB21UF, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 464630.
Certainly. How many will be in your party?
Glad to be of assistance.  Have a great day.  Bye.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : N332O6JK.
Great, I have Yippee Noodle Bar that meets your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
HK Fusion is a Chinese restuarant located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town, at 21 Burleigh Street City Centre.
Charlie Chan is a great restaurant-price range restaurant. Would you like me to book now?
The Royal Spice restaurant-name has a restaurant-price range price range.
The address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, restaurant-name postcode is CB58PA, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 248882.
Yes I have many options for you. How about restaurant-name Tandoori Palace?
I'm sorry we don't have any Lebanese restaurants located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like to try a different type of food?
The postcode is C B restaurant-book people restaurant-book people D Y and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 400170.
You're quite welcome.  Good bye.
It's booked, your reference number is 5YBVERXA.
restaurant-name is a nice place and is in restaurant-price range price range.Would you like restaurant-name address ?
do you have a preference as to what part of town? 
Meghna is an restaurant-food restaurant-name that meets your criteria. Would you like their location? 
There are two restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area area, restaurant-name varsity restaurant-name and bloomsbury restaurant, both moderately priced.  would you like me to book you for either one?
Sitar Tandoori is an restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
Yes sure! I have quite a few. Do you have a price range in mind?
For which location would you like that address and phone number?
Restaurant One Seven's phone number is 01223 337766.
There are four restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town that serve Indian food. What price range would you like?
little seoul is at 108 Regent Street City Centre
I have booked you at restaurant-name Shiraz Restaurant for restaurant-book people people Saturday at 15:45. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your party of restaurant-book people is booked for Saturday at 12:15. Your reference number is 6W59CFFR. Is there anything else?
I apologize but I was not able to book you for restaurant-name restaurant. Would you like for me to find you another restaurant?
La Margherita was unavailable. I was able to book you at Zizzi Cambridge which is in restaurant-name same price range. Your reference number is QRJ5MP30. Is this acceptable?
Are you looking for a particular style of food?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
You're very welcome. Thanks for using our service.
If you'd like to eat in restaurant-name city center, I recommend restaurant-name curry garden. Their phone is 01223302330. Can I book you a table?
The Golden Wok is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
It was my pleasure. Was there anything else I could assist you with? 
Thank you for using our system. Good night 
Yes I certainly can! Your reservation was successful and your booking reference is 5F3KBH78.
Those are restaurant-name only two restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurants I have listed. Would you like to expand your price range or type of cuisine?
There are restaurant-name Malaysian restaurants. Would you like something different?
Yes I have restaurant-book people in restaurant-name center and one located on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town. Do you have a preference?
They serve restaurant-food food. 
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
What type of food are you looking to eat?
You're very welcome. Goodbye.
Their phone number is 01462 432565.  Is there anything else I can help you with today? 
I was able to get you a table on Thursday, ref# XLUIM3SN. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. The phone number is 01223 412430.
I think xxx restaurant-name is good 
I'm sorry, but there is restaurant-name restaurant-name serving Japanese food and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like to try another type of food or a different price range?
There are two moderately priced restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. One specializes in Indian cuisine and restaurant-name other is a Chinese restaurant.
The Lucky Star restaurant-name is on Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and can be reached by phone at 01223 244277.
There are a total of 15 restaurants that are restaurant-price range in restaurant-name centre. Is there another type you would like to try?
taj restaurant-name is restaurant-name only one matching your request. you can contact them at 01223 412299. 
Their address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, their phone number is 01223 248882 and their postcode is C.B 5, restaurant-book people P.A.
Sorry but there is restaurant-name resaurants that fit your request. do you want something different?
There are two restaurants that meet your specification. One is Italian and restaurant-name other is Indian. Which would you prefer?
Restaurant Alimentum serves modern European food.
What kind of food do you want? restaurant-food or modern european?
There appears to be restaurant-name availability at that time.  Would you prefer a different restaurant?
la restaurant-name seems to fit your request.
Ok I have booked a table for restaurant-book people at Bedouin on Thursday at 7:45.
Golden Wok is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.   Their address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
There are restaurant-book people restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and on restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like Indian or Italian food?
Thanks so much for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great time!
Yes, there is frankie and bennys, restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in south. Do you want restaurant-name address? 
I recommend Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton. its phone number is 01223 323737, and their address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is a nice restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and it is in restaurant-name south.
Grafton Hotel restaurant-name is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Do you prefer an restaurant-price range or a restaurant-price range priced restaurant?
Thank you, let us know if you need any more help with anything.
I don't have any Welsh restaurants that meet your criteria. Would British or European be ok, or would you like a more exotic cuisine instead?
There are two restaurants: Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and Restaurant Alimentum.
I've successfully made a booking at Curry Garden! This is your reservation number PCMH26UY. How else may I assist you?
Sure, when would you like to make a reservation?
Thank you for calling, goodbye.
Bloomsbury restaurant-name is located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street and their phone number is 0871 942 9180. May I help you with anything else? 
Meze bar restaurant-name is available
It can not, I am sorry. Shall I try another?
Restaurant Two Two serves French food, and is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is GGYMVIIA. Can I assist you with anything else today?
I was able to book you at restaurant-name Cambridge chop house. Reference number K1T50MHG.
Your welcome! Have a great day!
Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
Please wait a moment while I check for European restaurants for you
The phone number for dojo noodle bar is 01223 363471.  Would you like any other information? 
I was able to get you a table for restaurant-book people on Sunday at restaurant-book time at restaurant-name Shanghai Family Restaurant. Your reference number is SFWTQUB7. Is there anything else?
Tang Chinese is listed at expensive. Would you like more information?
Yes, restaurant-name meze bar restaurant-name fits that description. Would you like me to book that for you?
restaurant-name alimentum is a moderately price restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area area of town. their phone number is 01223 413000 and their address is 152 - 154 Hills Road.
Booking was successful, your table will be reserved for  minutes, and your reference number is J37KC1PB. Anything else I can help you with?
frankie and bennys serves restaurant-food food, in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and it is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem. I hope you have a great day. Good-Bye!
Before reserving, I just want to confirm you want restaurant-name reservation for restaurant-name Golden Wok?
Fitzbillies restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area area, would you like a reservation?
There are 33 restaurants that satisfy your preferences. Are you keen on eating a particular cuisine?
Yippee Noodle Bar is a moderately priced restaurant-name serving restaurant-food oriental food.
Is there anything else that I can book for you or assist you with for your upcoming trip?
Restaurant Two Two is an restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurant-name on restaurant-name restaurant-area side.  Would you like to make a reservation? 
I'm sorry, a table was not available. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes, there are four: cambridge lodge restaurant, eraina, and michaelhouse cafe serve restaurant-food food, with darrys cookhouse and wine shop serving modern restaurant-food food
There's also Sala Thong in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. They're located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham and you can call them at 01223 323178.
The is restaurant-name La Margherita for Italian food and restaurant-name Thanh Binh for Vietnamese food. Would you like restaurant-name addresses?
I am not able to locate a Scandinavian restaurant; do you have a second choice?
The address you want is restaurant-book people Milton Road Chesterton. How else may I help you?
I got you booked at restaurant-name Kohinoor, your reference number is: 7Q9M2VYF. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I found two restaurant-food restaurants.  Would you prefer restaurant-name restaurant-area or restaurant-area part of town? 
I'm not seeing any restaurant-price range Kosher restaurants, would you like to try a different price range perhaps?
Nandos serves Portuguese and is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Reservation booked with The Curry Garden for Sunday at 11:30am for restaurant-book people people.  Your reservation will be held for 15 minutes. Reference number is 6GRFMVDJ. 
I am sorry restaurant-name Booking was unsuccessful can I help you find another place in restaurant-name same area and price range?
We have 21 entries that match. Do you have a preference on type of food?
Sure, you're booked at Travellers Rest with reference number A5LK844G. May I help with anything else?
Two results with restaurant-price range price range in restaurant-name restaurant-area area of town. One is Nandos which is Portuguese food. The other is The Lucky Star, which is Chinese food.
Reservations for Friday at 13:00. Your reference number is 0UAYWI5Z. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Sure. Their phone is 01223244955, postcode cb58rg, and address is restaurant-book people Barnwell Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help with?
There are 15 results for Italian food. Do you have an area of town or price range in mind?
Pizza hut cherry hinton is at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and its number is 01223 323737.
Would you prefer restaurant-food or restaurant-food food?
Thanks 
Thank you for using this service. Good bye. 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : JZ0Q7BT0. Is there anything else I can help you with?

Unfortunately, that day/time are unavailable. Would you like me to try a different time or day?
Pipasha restaurant-name is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
There are several good restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Do you have a preference for restaurant-name type of food or price range? 
The post code and phone number for The Nirala is C.B 4, restaurant-book people U.Y and phone is 01223 360966
I pulled up restaurant-book people restaurants. Two in restaurant-name restaurant-area and one in restaurant-name south. Do you have a preference on location?
Anatolia is a restaurant-food restaurant, in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Do you want restaurant-name address and phone number?  
Thank you.  Goodbye!
There are restaurant-book people results for restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area that serve British food.  Do you prefer moderately priced, or expensive?
I was able to book at J restaurant-name for you. Your reference number is 3KVIT5AR. They will only hold restaurant-name table for 15 minutes. Is there anything else?
There are seven restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town that serve restaurant-food food ranging from restaurant-price range to expensive. Is there a particular price range you are looking for?
Excellent, have a wonderful evening.
Can I help you with anything else today? 
Thank you for using this system!
Their phone number is 01223 566388. Their address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode C.B 5, restaurant-book people J.J.
Enjoy restaurant-name rest of your day
I have restaurant-book people restaurants that come up, based on that criteria. Would you like more information about them?
I would recommend one of restaurant-name locally owned restaurants. What is your address? I can find one of restaurant-name closest to you. Do you want to walk?
The address of restaurant-name Grafton Hotel Restaurant is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
There are restaurant-name restaurants in restaurant-name area that match your preferences.  Is there anything else you'd be interested in?
Have a nice day. 
You're welcome! Please let me know if you need anything else.
I can book you for dojo noodle bar, how many should I book for and what is restaurant-name preferred time?
Certainly, there are many restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name town centre. What type of food do you prefer? 
Can I recommend royal spice located on Victoria Avenue Chesterton? Would you like to make a booking there?
You're welcome. 
There is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name that serves restaurant-food food located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton. Their phone number is 01223 362525.
The phone number for restaurant-name Nirala is 01223 360966.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great! Have a great day!
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop's address is 40270 King Street City Centre.
Booking was successful. Can I get you anything else?
Their phone number is 01223 577786. Do you need their address also? 
There are two restaurants serving Indian food in restaurant-name North part of town. What price range do you want?
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is restaurant-name only Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name moderately priced category in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name Tuscan restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like to try something else?  
Bangkok City is expensive. Their phone number is 01223 354382. Is there anything else I can help you find?
You too. Thank you.
Their number is 01223 311911. Will that be all today?
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurants serving restaurant-food food. Would you like something else?
You're welcome. Thanks for your call! Goodbye.
Could I suggest going out of restaurant-name norm and trying bedouin? It's an restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name same price range and area. 
Okay, we'll book that for you whenever you're ready. Thank you and goodbye!
Yes I have many moderately priced venues in restaurant-name center of town serving British food if you like.
The address is 183 East Road City Centre and restaurant-name phone number is 01223302010. 
I'm sorry. I don't show any results for Malaysian restaurants on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town. Would you like me to search any other areas?
bangkok city is a recommended restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name centre. 
There are four results matching your query: backstreet bistro, royal standard, restaurant-name cow restaurant-food kitchen and bar, and restaurant-name slug and lettuce. 
You're Welcome, good bye
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye 
OK. Thank you and good bye.
frankie and bennys is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
01223 356555 is restaurant-name number. 
Sure we have quite a few. Do you have a price range or area in mind?
Which area would you like?
The phone number is 01223 505015. Would you like any additional information?
You're welcome and thank you for using this system. Goodbye.
Okay. Don't hesitate to call us if you need anything else.
I found two French restaurants, one in restaurant-area and one in north.  Do you have a preference on area?
Eraina is located at Free School Lane City Centre, and their phone number is 01223 368786
Enjoy your dinner! 
Eraina serves Modern European food in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. The phone number is 01223 368786. 
Yes
Little Seoul's address 108 Regent Street City Centre, phone number 01223 308681, and postcode C.B 2, restaurant-book people D.P. Can I help you with anything else?
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, C.B 1, restaurant-book people D.Y.
There are restaurant-name moderately priced restaurant-food restaurants. Would you like to change your query?
There are three results that serve restaurant-food on restaurant-name restaurant-area area of town. do you have a price range preference?
Tandoori Palace is an Indian restaurant. Their food is lovely.
There are 15 restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area that serve restaurant-price range food. What type of food do you want?
Golden wok serves Chinese food, their phone number is 01223 350688 and their postcode is C.B 4, restaurant-book people H.L.
Sure, I've booked you at Anatolia, which also serves Turkish food, with reference number T70EAY2I. May I help with something else?
Would you instead be interested in The Nirala, which serves Indian food?
Excellent. Have a good rest of your day.
All right, I've got you booked for Friday at restaurant-book time for restaurant-book people people. Would you like restaurant-name reference number?
Is there a price range you would prefer to stay within?
The are two restaurant-price range restaurant-food oriental restaurants available.  Saigon city in restaurant-name restaurant-area area, and restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area area.
There are restaurant-book people moderately priced Chinese restaurants in town. Is there a particular area you are wanting to eat in?
Sorry, restaurant-name matches found
What area would you like restaurant-name restaurant-name to be in?
Have a nice day!  thank you, goodbye.
The Curry Garden serves restaurant-price range Indian food in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
You're welcome. I look forward to when you call us again. 
Yes, restaurant-name serving restaurant-food food, and saint johns chop house serving restaurant-food food are also in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
The Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Their number is 01223 355166. Is there anything else I can find for you?
The Chiquito restaurant-name bar, a restaurant-food restaurant, is in restaurant-name restaurant-area and is expensive.  Would you like to book a table? 
There are 9 restaurants that meet that criteria. Is there a type of cuisine you would prefer?
Certainly. Curry Garden is in restaurant-name city restaurant-area at 106 Regent Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223302330. What other information can I get for you? 
Enjoy your stay! Bye
There are 9 restaurants that fit that description. Are you looking for a restaurant-price range or restaurant-price range restaurant?
Thank you and enjoy your meal.
There is not a restaurant-name matching your request.  Would you like a different restaurant? 
That is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
That wasn't available.  I did book you in restaurant-name other one though.  The Pizza Hut in Cherry Hinton is located on Clifton Way.  Reference number P2O7ES3D.  Will that be acceptable?
I know several great restaurants! Do you have a cuisine or location preference? Or maybe a price range preference?
restaurant-name curry prince is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like their information?
The Grafton Hotel restaurant-name serves British food. It is located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, and it's phone number is 01223 241387.
Your table is booked for Friday at restaurant-book time for restaurant-book people person. The reference number is KSS0DI7C. It is only reserved for 15 minutes so please arrive on time.
The number is 01223 400170.
Restaurant Two Two is a French restaurant-name and it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like restaurant-name address and phone number?
There are 33 restaurants with that criteria. Would you like to narrow your search? 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : CQV6JDS3.
They are in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, and their address is 196 Mill Road City Centre. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for contacting restaurant-name Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
The Michael House cafe is an restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurant-name located in restaurant-name centre.  Would you like me to make you a reservation?
I've booked you in at restaurant-name restaurant. It is in restaurant-name same area and price range as eraina. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : OGRYGI2N.
Saigon City has an address of 169 High Street Chesterton, their phone number is 01223 356555.
Kohinoor's address is 74 Mill Road City Centre and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 323639. May I help you with anything else?
There are some great ones.  Do you have a preference for which part of town it is in?
The two restaurants are Da Vinci Pizzeria and Royal Spice. 
The address for Little Seoul is 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Nandos is restaurant-price range restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town serving Portuguese food. Would you like their phone number?
There is restaurant-name restaurant-name alimentum that serves modern restaurant-food food?
Kymmoy is an restaurant-price range restaurant-food oriental restraunt in town.
I have restaurant-book people restaurants on restaurant-name restaurant-area side that are cheap. One serves restaurant-food and restaurant-name portuguese. Would you like to book one? 
I was able to book restaurant-name table for you. It will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 97AAF776.
There is restaurant-name Swedish restaurant. Would you like to change your query?
La mimosa is an restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like their location? 
I was able to make your reservation for restaurant-book people at restaurant-book time on Wednesday. Your reference number is PMZ9SEZP. Do you need anything else?
Certainly, there are many restaurants that fit that criteria. Do you have a food type preference?
Your booking has been successful. There is restaurant-name direct time limit for your meal once you arrive. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Charlie Chan has some great reviews.
The phone number to Prezzo, which is moderately priced, is 01799 521260. Is there anything else I can assist you with today? 
The Gardenia is in restaurant-name postcode C.B 2, restaurant-book people L.L. Their phone number is 01223 356354.
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant serves European food and it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. The phone number is 01223 355166 and restaurant-name address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.
Is that all?
The Lan Hong House is great. Their phone number is 01223 350420. Would you like any additional information about them?
The phone number for restaurant-food hut cherry hinton 01223 323737 and they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  The postcode is  C.B 1, restaurant-book people D.Y
Sure I have restaurant-name Taj Tandoori in that price range. Would you like a telephone number or a booking?
The phone number for saigon city is 01223 356555 and their address is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton.  Would you like anything else? 
Okay I have booked you there and your reference number is O7FJ870G.
their phone number is 01223357187. and port code is cb11hr
There are two options for your preferences: Hakka on Milton Road in Chesterton and The Hotpot at 66 Chesterton Road in Chesterton.
Eraina is an restaurant-price range European restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of restaurant-name city. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Do you have a price range preference? There are two cheap, restaurant-book people moderate, and restaurant-book people expensive.
Caffe Uno is an Italian restaurant-name at 32 Bridge Street.
Yes of course. What time would you like me to make your reservation?
La Margherita's phone number is 01223 315232 and you can find them at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre.
The restaurant-name alimentum is a moderately priced restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
La Raza serves restaurant-price range restaurant-food food, located in restaurant-name restaurant-area area at restaurant-book people - restaurant-book people Rose Crescent with phone number 01223 464550
I was able to book that for you, restaurant-name reference number is VKRSAFBU
I was able to book restaurant-name hotel restaurant-name reference number is PC2VLUZW.
Da vinci pizzeria serves restaurant-food food, is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. 
We have Modern European in restaurant-name restaurant-area area in several price ranges.  Do you have a preference?
There are restaurant-name Hungarian restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would you like to change your query?
Sure thing, you are booked with ref. # RC9WCTWX. 
In what area of town would you like to eat?
There are not restaurants matching your request.  May I help you find a different restaurant? 
Yes there are two listings, one for restaurant-food and one for restaurant-food food,are those restaurant-name types of food you are looking for?
The phone number for saigon city is 01223 356555 and is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of restaurant-name town. 
I apologize restaurant-name booking was unsuccessful.   Would you like to look at another restaurant-name
There are 9 restaurant-price range Chinese restaurants. Do you have a specific area you would like?
I suggest Da Vinci Pizzeria. They serve great Italian food. Would you like their contact information?
we do not have any restaurant-name serving restaurant-food food.  Can I help you with anything else?
No problem at all.  have a great day!
Some options are Lebanese, Turkish, international, British, European, and Chinese. Do any of these interest you?
Thank you, have a good day.  Goodbye.
Restaurant Alimentum serves modern European food and is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
I am sorry I am not able to book that for you. I was able to get a table for you at michaelhouse cafe. Your reference number is VUH4CST4. 
The phone number for restaurant-name cow restaurant-food kitchen and bar is 01223 308871 and they are located at restaurant-name Corn Exchange Street. Can I help you with anything else? 
You're welcome. Enjoy your meal!
curry prince's address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, their postcode is C.B 5, restaurant-book people J.J. Their phone number is 01223 566388
You're Welcome. Goodbye!
Thanks, enjoy!
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurant-price range restaurants that serve restaurant-food food. Can I help you with something else?
You are welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye! 
do you need restaurant-name address?
There are restaurant-name restaurants matching your request.  May I help you find a different one? 
Their phone number is 01223 302010.
Okay I will make reservation for J restaurant-name is available.
I was able to book don pasquale pizzeria reference number is G4T03ZZ7
Saigon City is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and serves Asian Oriental food.   Would you like their address?
I am sorry this booking was unsuccessful. Maybe another time perhaps?
Yippee Noodle Bar's phone number is 01223 518111. Their address is 40428 King Street City Centre
Yes I have several Chinese and Asian restaurants. Do any of these interest you?
Great! I was able to book you there and your reference number is W2A8GHG8.
There are several.  The Gardenia served mediterranean.  You might be interested in it.   Ask and Zizzi serve Italian. 
Bloomsbury restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food
There are five restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. They sever restaurant-food and restaurant-food oriental, which are you looking for?
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting restaurant-name Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Yes there are 33 such restaurants. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes there are a few. Can I recommend Tang Chinese. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sorry, that time slot doesn't work for what you would like. Would you like to change restaurant-name day or time?
For how many people and at what time/day?
There are restaurant-book people moderately priced restaurants on restaurant-name restaurant-area side. Do you prefer Indian or Italian food?
there is ali baba at 59 Hills Road City Centre, phone number is 01462 432565.
Certainly.  Some of your options are: The Grafton Hotel Restaurant, restaurant-name Pipasha restaurant, restaurant-name Royal Standard, restaurant-name Sitar Tandoon, and restaurant-name Yu Garden.
La tasca is located in restaurant-name Centre part of town.
You are very welcome. Please feel free to contact us in restaurant-name future. Have a great day. 
Yes there are three restaurants serving Turkish food in restaurant-name center of town in restaurant-name restaurant-price range and restaurant-price range price range. Which price range would you prefer?
What time would you like to dine?
You're welcome. I appreciate your using restaurant-name TownInfo centre. Goodbye. 
I've heard great things about cotto. Want a reservation?
There is one Korean restaurant-name in restaurant-area of town. It is expensive. It's called Little Seoul. Would you like a reservation?
Their phone number is 01733 553355 and their address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton C.B 4, restaurant-book people E.H
How about restaurant-name lucky star, a nice restaurant-food place in restaurant-name restaurant-area 
There are three options which match your request. How about Meghna, which serves Indian food?
How about dojo noodle bar. It is on restaurant-name restaurant-price range side and located in restaurant-name centre.
Okay would you like me to make a reservation?
There are restaurant-book people matching restaurants. What price range would you like?
There are restaurant-book people restaurants that fit your request. Curry Garden, The Golden Curry, Saffron Brasserie, Panahar, Curry King, and Curry Queen.
Restaurant Two Two's phone number is 01223 351880. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you and goodbye.
You're welcome. Thank you for using this system.
Pizza Hut cherry hinton is a moderately priced restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area area. Would you like their information? 
It was my pleasure to help you. Please feel free to call us again in restaurant-name future. Have a nice day. 
which area of town would you prefer? 
I am glad restaurant-name Cambridge TownInfo restaurant-area helped you. Goodbye. 
The postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people U.J.
Alright, I have you reservation made. The reference number is SMAMRCQ9.
yu garden is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
The Bloomsbury restaurant, serves many differnt types of food.
Curry Prince is a moderately priced restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town that serves Indian food. Would you like restaurant-name phone number?
Happy to help.  Goodbye.
I was able to book rajmahal, reference number is KSFSKIC1
Happy to help anytime, bye!
la mimosa is a nice Mediterranean restaurant-name in restaurant-name centre.
Have a nice day!  Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a good evening. 
The reference number is ZF7XHMYX.
The phone number is 01223307030. The address is Quayside Off Bridge STreet and restaurant-name postcode is cb58aq. Can I book a reservation?
I was able to book you into restaurant-name J restaurant-name and your reference number is 87G7FWZM.
I have found five restaurants serving restaurant-food food, four in restaurant-name restaurant-area area and one in restaurant-name south. Do you have a preference of area?
The phone number for restaurant-name Nirala is 01223 360966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I haven't found anything matching what you're looking for. 
Yes, restaurant-name lucky star serves restaurant-food food, is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like their location? 
I'm sorry, there aren't any restaurants that serve restaurant-food food. Would you like help with anything else? 
Yes, I will book a table for restaurant-book people on Saturday at 15:15.
Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge system. Goodbye.
Great! You're booked at Peking Restaurant with reference number V6TEUN6T. May I help with anything else?
chiquito restaurant-name bar is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name on restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, their address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton
We certainly have plenty restaurant-price range places in restaurant-name center of town! What type of cuisine are you looking for?
Your reservation has been made and restaurant-name reference number is 3P2ALRY0. 
Unfortunately, there are restaurant-name Cantonese restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
Thank you for calling restaurant-name Cambridge restaurant-name system. Goodbye.
Sure.  Your reference number is QLMRQ3H2.  Anything else?
You're very welcome. Have a nice day! 
I'm sorry. That booking was not available. Would you like to find another restaurant?
I apologize I do not have any listed that serve both cuisines.  Would you prefer one type of food?
The postcode is cb23rh and address is Free School Lane City Centre. Is there anything else I can help with?
Goodbye, and enjoy your meal!
I am sorry.  I went to get restaurant-name reference number and now restaurant-name system is not providing a reference number.  I can look for another restaurant.
I would suggest you try restaurant-name Chiquito Restaurant bar. 
Thank you for using this service. Goodbye.
Thanks for your call. Goodbye!
How about Prezzo?  They serve moderately priced Italian food on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town.
There is a very good French restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Their phone number is 01223 311053.
There are several restaurant-food restaurants in town.  Would you prefer something in restaurant-name cheap, restaurant-price range or restaurant-price range price range? 
Yes, we can help you with that. It is located at 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. The phone number is 01223244149. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Okay. Thanks so much for calling. Enjoy your evening!
I reserved a table for you at Thanh Binh.  The reference number is XX1TF9GV.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
The phone number for darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is 01223 505015 and restaurant-name postcode is C.B 1, restaurant-book people L.N. Can I help you with anything else?
I do not have any restaurant-price range Irish eateries, could we try something else?
Their postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people D.P and their phone number is 01223307581.
Yes.  The gourmet burger kitchen serves restaurant-area restaurant-food food and is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of restaurant-name city.  Would you like their location? 
I'm sorry, I was unable to book restaurant-name restaurant. Would you like to try a different restaurant? 
there phone number is 01223812660 is there anything else I can help you with?
No I am sorry restaurant-name ali baba is restaurant-name only one. Another place maybe?
I don't have a restaurant-price range Cantonese option, but I do have restaurant-book people Italian places in that price range. Is there an area in restaurant-name city you'd like to dine at?
Your reservation at Restaurant Alimentum has been made for restaurant-book time on Wednesday and your reference number is X08RCBWH. Is there anything else I can help you with?
do you want particular food type?
The restaurant-name is Loch Fyne. They do not have any availability at that time. Would you like me to try a different time?
It is cb23ar.  Is there anything else I could help you with?
Thank you for using our system and have a great day!
There is frankie and bennys, their post code is C.B 1, restaurant-book people D.Y and their phone number is 01223 412430.
I'm sorry, they don't have an opening at 12:00. Would you like to try a different time or day?
I have restaurant-name ugly duckling in restaurant-name centre. Would you like to make a reservation there?
What price range do you have in mind?
Nandos is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and their phone number is 01223 327908 
I have booked you at Saigon City in restaurant-name North area, 52 Mill Road City Centre. Your reference number is 2OBVXF1O.
backstreet restaurant-food is an nice restaurant-price range one.  
Did you have a certain area or price range you would like to dine at?
You are booked, with ref # WBB6XXRP. Anything else for you today?
No, I'm sorry.  Either Chinese or Portuguese.
I was able to book you for restaurant-name yippee noodle bar, your reference number is E6ERFBKG
You're very welcome.  Good bye.
Their address is Regent Street City Centre. You can contact them at 01223312598. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
We have restaurant-book people options in Cambridge for restaurant-price range restaurant-food food. Would you prefer a place in restaurant-name restaurant-area or in restaurant-name east?
The golden wok is also a moderately priced restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, they are located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223 350688. How else may I assist you?
Please contact us anytime. Good Bye.
Okay. Enjoy your dining experience.
Booking was unsuccessful for la margherita. Would you like me to try booking for restaurant-name Vietnamese restaurant-name called thanh binh?
I apologize. The booking was unsuccessful. Would you like for me to find you another restaurant?
I do not have any Scottish places fitting that criteria, may I try another food?
Yes, goodbye.
There is also Efes Restaurant in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. It is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
Yes, restaurant-name address for Anatolia is 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
The Cotto is a great choice. Their phone number is 01223302010 and adress 183 East Road City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Meghna serves moderately priced restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
Is there anything else I can help you find today?
I was able to book you a table at Rice Boat on Tuesday at 10:45. The reference number is YTG3EOGF.
Saigon city serves Asian oriental food, is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
The Backstreet Bistro serves restaurant-food food.
There are two restaurants; restaurant-food and restaurant-food that are moderately priced. Do you have any preferences?
Nandos is restaurant-name Portuguese place, and The Lucky Star is Chinese.  Would you like more information on one or both of those?
African huh? Where are you now? Id hate to send you somewhere far away
I'm afraid they're full on Sunday at 17:45. Perhaps another day, or another time slot?
I am sorry but not results came up with your criteria, would you like to try something else?
There are a lot of restaurants that serve British food. Do you have a specific area or price range in mind?
Alright, well you have 33 to choose from. Any type of cuisine you're looking for?
curry prince is located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
There are restaurant-book people places serving restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Do you have a preferred area to dine at?
You're welcome, have a lovely day!
There are 69 different places to choose from. What type of food would you like?
Got it - The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and restaurant-name reference number is : VX589A4M. Can I help with anything else?
There are two Indian restaurants, restaurant-name restaurant-name and royal spice. The royal spice is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range range and restaurant-name restaurant-name is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. 
Correct, Bangkok City is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like restaurant-name specific contact information?
i am sorry restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Anatolia is a nice restaurant-name serving Turkish food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Goodbye and thank you. 
There are restaurant-price range French restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area and restaurant-area areas of town. Do you have a preference for location?
I'm sorry. There are restaurant-name Australian places in Cambridge. Would you like to try another cuisine type?
I'm sorry, but our only Mexican restaurant-name is expensive.  Would you like more information or could I search for another type of restaurant-name for you?
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 355166.
You're welcome. Good bye and have a great day!
Would you prefer Indian or Italian food?
You're welcome. Thanks and goodbye.
Kohinoor is a restaurant-price range restaurant. 
Good bye. Thank you for using restaurant-name system.
I apologize but there were restaurant-name openings for that time. Would you like to try another day or time?

prezzo's address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road, their phone number is 01799 521260.
There are several restaurant-food restaurants.  Would you like their phone number?
Ok, restaurant-name gourmet burger kitchen serves restaurant-area restaurant-food food and is located in restaurant-name centre. Would you like restaurant-name address?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ALCPCA3P. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What time would you like to visit? 
I'm sorry, there are not Tuscan restaurants at all.  Can I find a different cuisine type for you?
The Golden Wok is at 191 Histon Road Chesterton, post code C.B 4, restaurant-book people H.L. The phone number is 01223 350688.
I'm sorry I find restaurant-name modern American food listed in any price category. may I try another cuisine for you, perhaps Italian?
451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
Okay, there are four gastropubs in cambridge. Are you looking for a particular area or a certain price range?
I have two Indian Restaurants and one Italian restaurant. Do you have a preference?
I could book that for you if you let me know when you'd like to dine there and how many people will be joining you.
There are three restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you prefer Indian or Italian food? 
restaurant-name is located at Bridge Street City Centre and their postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people U.F.  May I help you with anything else? 
You're very welcome. Feel free to let us know if you need anything else.
Okay, how about restaurant-name Golden Wok? They serve Chinese food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and are moderately priced.
Little Seoul is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town and restaurant-name address is 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Yes, saint johns chop house serves British food. Would you like to book a table, if so how many people will be dining?
The address is restaurant-book people Sturton street city restaurant-area , C.B 1,2 Q.A.
Ok then. I suggest restaurant-name oak bistro. It's located at restaurant-book people Lensfield Road. Would you like a reservation?
Yu Garden is restaurant-name only Chinese restaurant-name on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
I have an Italian place and a Vietnamese, which would you prefer?
We have nine restaurant-price range dining establishments on restaurant-name restaurant-area side. Cuisines offered are Thai, Indian, European, and British. Do you have a preference?
Of course, I'm so sorry that I didn't provide that earlier. Your reference number is BA8FS8Z5. Do you need any other assistance today?
The Bedouin's address is 100 Mill Road City Centre, and restaurant-name postcode is cb12bd. Can I help you with anything else?
La mimosa serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would you like their information? 
I was able to get you a table at The Gandhi. Your reference number is MYUME8FR and they'll hold restaurant-name table for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
Yu Garden is located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, C.B 5, restaurant-book people P.A, and restaurant-name number is 01223 248882.
thanh binh is located at 17 magdalene street city restaurant-area and its phone number is 01223315232. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Thank you for using our services. Is there anything else we can help you with?
do you have a price range preference? We have several restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town
You're very welcome. Enjoy your meal. Goodbye!
I am sorry I cannot see restaurant-name reviews. I can give you their phone numbers and you may call them if you like.
There are two restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. One is restaurant-food and one is vietnamese. Which one are you interested in?
May I help you with anything else such as lodging or area attractions?
Have you made restaurant-name reservation?
Okay. Do not hesitate to call us again if you need anything else.
Okay. No worries. Enjoy your dinner!
You have your choice of La Margherita, which serves Italian food, or Thanh Binh, which offers restaurant-food cuisine.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
Sure, restaurant-name Pizza Hut City Centre is located at Regent Street City Centre. Their postcode is cb21ab. Can I help with anything else today?
thank you ..good bye 
There are restaurant-book people restaurant-price range Italian restaurants in restaurant-name center of town. I suggest Caffe Uno at 32 Bridge Street City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation? 
Yes, your other option is The Nirala. It serves Indian food and is also located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Yes, there are five options for restaurant-price range Italian food.  Three are located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town, one in restaurant-name north, and one in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Do you have a preference on area?
Saint johns chop house serves restaurant-food food, is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. their phone number is 01223 353110 and they are located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street 
I was able to find restaurant-book people for you. restaurant-book people serve modern restaurant-food and restaurant-name other restaurant-book people serve european. Do you have a preference?
Unfortunately, restaurant-name restaurant-name is booked. Would you like to try another restaurant?
There is one African restaurant-name listed called bedouin. Would you like more information for this restaurant?
I have found restaurant-book people restaurants that fit that description. How does HK Fusion sound?
You're welcome. Will you be needing anything else today?
restaurant-name is located at 30 restaurant-name street city centre. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Thank you.  Have a nice day.
golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton and its phone number is 01223 350688. The restaurant-name is located at restaurant-book people milton road chesterton and its phone number is 01223360966. Is there anything else I can help you with?  
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : YW1NYRXC.
Okay, how about restaurant-name restaurant-food hut city centre? I heard it's pretty good.
I cannot find that information. 
There are several restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town that serve restaurant-price range food. Do you have a cuisine preference?
My apologies. The postcode is cb259aq.
jinling noodle bar, shanghai family restaurant, and lan hong house are in restaurant-name centre. Golden wok is in restaurant-name North. 
I have restaurant-book people restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name south. Both are restaurant-price range but worth restaurant-name money! I have restaurant-name Peking Restaurant and restaurant-name Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway. 
There are 9 matching records in restaurant-name north, what price range do you want ?
You're welcome. Please call again.
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name available tables at that time. Would you like me to look for a different restaurant?
The phone number is 01223 412299.
For restaurant-price range pricing, I have restaurant-name Meghna restaurant-name in restaurant-name west. It's located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Can I reserve you a table? 
Their address is Corn Exchange Street and their phone number is 01223 308871.
I'm sorry, Papadoux is not coming up. There is an restaurant-price range African restaurant-name called Bedouin in city centre. Would you like me to try that one instead?
I'm sorry that's restaurant-name only restaurant-name in that price range
There is an restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range range called The Varsity Restaurant in restaurant-name restaurant-area area of town.
I have over 100 restaurants to choose from, would you mind narrowing down your search for me with perhaps a food type or price range?
Bangkok city is a restaurant-food restaurant. It's address is 24 green street city restaurant-area and phone number is 01223 354382
You are very welcome. Thank you for contact Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Good Bye.
Indian food.  The address is restaurant-book people Milton Road Chesterton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 360966.  Is there anything else I can help you find?
There are 11 restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Do you have a price range?
Backstreet restaurant-food is located at restaurant-book people Sturton Street City Centre, cb12qa
Yes, here it is 01223 353110.
Yippee noodle bar was able to be booked, restaurant-name reference number is 0Y6K4AF7.
I'm sorry, we were not able to book that restaurant. How about da vinci pizzeria located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton?
There are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants. Would you like something else?
How about restaurant-name oak restaurant-food on Lensfield Road?
I have quite a few restaurants that match your request.  Would you like to narrow it down by area? 
royal spice serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and is in restaurant-name North part of town.
You are quite welcome.  Do you need any further assistance?
Anatolia is at 30 Bridge Street City Centre, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 362372. Can I get you any further information?
There is Cote, an restaurant-price range French restaurnt in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
Okay thank you for calling. Enjoy your dinner.
Thank you for choosing our system. Goodbye  
I'd be happy to provide you with that information. Their phone number is 01223307030 and their address and postcode are Quayside off Bridge Street, cb58aq. Can I help with anything else?
ali baba is a nice restaurant-food place in restaurant-name centre.
restaurant-food hut fen ditton is moderately priced and at restaurant-name restaurant-area side of restaurant-name city.
It's phone number is 01223 323737 and its address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Certainly.  Is there a certain area of town that you'd like to stay in?
There are five restaurant-price range restaurants available in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of restaurant-name city.  Mexican, Italian, Indian, and two Chinese restaurants are available.  What type of food would you like?
we appreciate you using our services. have a good day
There is a lot of restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range priced range. Please tell me restaurant-name area or restaurant-name food you would like today. 
I am sorry but restaurant-name Missing Sock is full. May I look for another restaurant-name for you on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town?
Great, I have booked your table for ali baba restaurant-book day at restaurant-book time for 3. Your reference number is 5LY9WSF1. May I help with anything else?
I found two Thai restaurants one is in restaurant-name restaurant-area and one in centre. Which would you prefer? 
I don't have any restaurants that meet that criteria. Are you interested in something different?
Your booking was successful restaurant-name reference number is I82B519F. Is there anything else I can do for you?
there are three venues to choose from
There are 11 restaurants that serve British food. Do you have an area or price range preference?
Sure! Are you looking for any particular type of food such as African, British, Chinese, etc?
I'm sorry, there is not restaurants matching your request. Would you like to try something else? 
Thank you good bye 
restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food, in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, its phone number is 01223 727410 and restaurant-name address is 205 victoria road chesterton. is there anything else I can help you with? 
Sure, there are 22 Indian places in restaurant-name city. Do you have a price range you're looking for?
There are four restaurant-food restaurants. I recommend restaurant-name cow restaurant-food kitchen and bar which is in restaurant-name center and moderately priced.
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1J6Y65LW.
Cocum is located at 71 castle street city centre. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Sure, yippee noodle bar is located at 40428 King Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223518111. How else may  I assist you?
Good bye.
My pleasure! Have a nice day.
Nandos is a restaurant-price range Portuguese restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area area. The phone number is 01223 327908 and restaurant-name address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way
What is restaurant-name food type you would prefer?
The reference number is CH13IBY4. Anything else I can help you with?
I have you booked Wednesday at restaurant-book time a table for 2, this table will hold for 15 mins and your reference number is GXO64LG8.
I cannot find any restaurants serving restaurant-food food. Would you like something different?
The postcode for restaurant-name palace is cb43le, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223506055. Would you like me to book you a table?
there is an Asian Oriental place at 40428 King Street City Centre. You can call them at 01223 518111.
You're welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Good bye.
Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge Restaurant system.  Good bye.
Would you like restaurant-name cheap, moderate, or restaurant-price range price range?
There are 57 restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name area. Do you have a food type preference or an area preference?
We have restaurant-name matching results.
Which price range are you looking for?
Thank you for contacting us. Have a good trip to cambridge.
Taj Tandoori is located at 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton, postcode cb17aa. The phone number is 01223412299. Did you want to make a reservation? 
Grafton Hotel Restaurant serves British food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanh Binh is a Vietnamese restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town, and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Unfortunately Bedouin doesn't have anything available. Would you like me to keep going down restaurant-name list?
You booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : WYZGXOVQ.
I hope you enjoy Saint Johns Chop House.  Goodbye.
I was able to book Ian Hong House, reference number is E8V1XGOA.
Thank you and good bye 
I apologize I have restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurant-name that is moderately expensive, or restaurant-price range or restaurant-price range is that is what you intended. Would you like another cuisine type?
There are many, can I get a price range and area you would like restaurant-name restaurant-name to be in to narrow down restaurant-name search?
No, enjoy your meal!
I am sorry. The Portuguese Restarauant, Nandos, is completely booked at that time. Should I try restaurant-name Chinese restaurant-name instead?
Their address is 152 - 154 Hills Road.
I apologize but I was unable to book you for restaurant-name restaurant. Would you like for me to find you another restaurant?
I have found restaurant-name Grafton Hotel Restaurant  at 619 Newmarket Road. Would like a reservation?
Golden Wok is a moderately priced restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, that serves Chinese food.
Royal spice is located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton.  Do you need any other information? 
I have pulled up City Stop Restaurant. What information do you need?
Your reservation is made. The number is KSFSKIC1.
you're welcome. Good bye
Thank you so much have a great day!
There are restaurant-book people results for restaurant-food restaurants. Do you care about restaurant-name price range?
There are restaurant-book people restaurants that meet that criteria. May I suggest restaurant-name restaurant?
How about la margherita?
The Golden Wok serves Chinese food.  Would you like more information?
You're welcome. Good bye.
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 412430.
Unfortunately, restaurant-name booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to look for another restaurant?
Thank you for using this system
its called city stop restaurant, serves restaurant-food food and address is Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton
The phone number for Yu Garden is 01223 248882. May I help you with anything else?
Prezzo is located at 21-24 northampton road. Its phone number is 01799521260 and it is in restaurant-name west. Is there anything else can I help you with? 
I have found several restaurants serving Asian Oriental food. What area of town do you prefer?
Would you like Chinese or Indian food?
La Raza's phone number is 01223 464550 and restaurant-name address is restaurant-book people - restaurant-book people Rose Crescent.  Anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, but I don't have anything matching that description. Would you like to expand your food type to find more?
I am sorry they do not have a table at that time, perhaps another restaurant?
You're welcome. If you need anything in restaurant-name future, feel free to check back with us. Enjoy your stay!!
Ok, I have booked you at restaurant-name backstreet bistro. Reference number 42VFS0SM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
There is a restaurant-price range priced Indian Restaurant located on restaurant-name restaurant-area side, would you like that address?
Ok, I can book at Bedouin if you would like? They serve restaurant-food food.
I was unable to find a table at that time. Would you like to find another restaurant?
Royal Spice is a restaurant-price range Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name north. It's phone number is 017-335-3355
I show restaurant-name Taj Tandoori located in restaurant-name south. They serve Indian style cuisine and are in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. May I book a table for you?
I have your reservation made for Bedouin on Saturday for restaurant-book people people at restaurant-book time
The center of town offers two: restaurant-name Varsity restaurant, and restaurant-name Bloomsbury restaurant.
Okay, you're all set! Reference number is 3AP8E11K, and restaurant-name table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help with anything else?
La Margherita's address is 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 315232.  Is there any additional info I can help you find?
restaurant-name hotel restaurant-name is an restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Their address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 241387 
chiquito restaurant-name bar serves restaurant-food food, is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like their location? 
There are restaurants that serve restaurant-food food. What is your price range?
Alright - you are booked, reference number is 4GHAH1TC.
Restaurant Alimentum is a nice restaurant-name serving modern restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and is located in restaurant-name south.
I have one available. It's called The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar. It's located in restaurant-name center of town. Can I offer to book you a table?
Have a lovely day. Goodbye.
You're all set your reference number is IVGZLYTZ
Maharajah restaurant-name restaurant-name on 41518 Castle Street City Centre is a good fit for you.
I have found restaurant-name backstreet restaurant-food and restaurant-name slug and lettuce, which one would you like more information on?
de luca cucina and bar is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  
It doesn't look like there are any restaurants of that type. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Sorry, there is restaurant-name table available then. Would you like to try another time slot?
There is also restaurant-name Cambridge Lodge Restaurant also has restaurant-price range restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area area at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre postal code CB30DQ
There are restaurant-book people listings meeting your criteria. Do you have a preference on restaurant-name price range?
Which food type appeals to you currently? There are listings for British, Indian, Chinese, and gastropub.
Thank you. Good day!
Unfortunately there is not hotel with those characteristics. perhaps you could try other types of cuisine?
The phone number for royal spice is 01733 553355 and they are located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Yes. I have successfully books you at restaurant-name shiraz resturant, address 84 Regent Street City Centre. Your reference number is 9OE645NY. You should arrive within 15 minutes of your time. 
There are many restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name city centre. Do you have a cuisine preference? 
Okay I was able to book you into restaurant-name Kymmoy, an restaurant-price range Asian restaurant-name in restaurant-name center of town and your reference number is YCQWEGOS.
Sure. Is there anything else I can do for you before we go?
Booked! Reference number: PLEIL8MJ. Will be held for 15 minutes.
I'm showing 15 restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name area. Do you a preference for a type of food?
Their phone is 01223506055 and restaurant-name postcode is cb43le. Would you like me to make a booking?
I was able to book restaurant-name restaurant, reference number is 4LXPUXO1.
There are two restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. What kind of food would you like?
Thank you for using our system!
How does don pasquale pizzeria sound to you?
Great! Have a nice day!

The reservation was successful and they will hold restaurant-name table for your party for 15 minutes.
I hope you enjoy your Thai food.  Goodbye.
Ciquito Restaurant Bar is at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. The phone number is 01223 400170.
What about Hakka? It is an restaurant-price range Chinese restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
There are restaurant-name restaurants serving Swedish food.
Their phone number is 01223 367660.
Yes there are restaurant-book people more. What type of food do you want? 
There are restaurant-name restuarants on restaurant-name West side of town restaurant-name serves Jamaican food. Is there another type of food you woluld like?
Okay I was able to get you into restaurant-name Bloomsbury and your reference number is 6BOHROUH.
Great! Have a nice day!
It is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
The Peking restaurant-name is at 10 Homerton Street City Centre.  Can I be of further help?
there is saigon city at 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton, phone 01223 356555.
Unfortunately, we were not able to book that restaurant. Would you like me to try and find another restaurant?
restaurant-name is a nice restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Their phone number is 01223 327908 and they are located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. 
The Tandoori Palace is an excellent choice, though it's a bit expensive. Would you like a table there?
The Golden Wok is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
There are several restaurant-price range Chinese restaurants.  Would you prefer any certain area of town?
We have six. Do you have a preferred area of town?
Excellent. The loch fyne is just your thing.
Taj Tandoori is an restaurant-price range Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name South. Would you like more information on them? 
The Oak Bistros price range is restaurant-price range would you like more information on it or to book a table?
Sure, there are three restaurants. They are located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, restaurant-book people Barnwell Road Fen Ditton, and Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditten. 
Anatolia is a Turkish restaurant-name at 30 Bridge Street City Centre, C.B 2, restaurant-book people U.J. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is an Italian restaurant, it is on restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, and it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like restaurant-name address and phone number?
La Margherita fits restaurant-name bill.  Great place.  Can I make a reservation for you?
The address of restaurant-name lucky star is, Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Cotto  is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Royal Spice is an Indian restaurant, it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, and it is on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town. The phone number is 01223 351707.
Ask is located at 12 Bridge street city centre. Their telephone number is 01223 364917.
Thank you . 
you are welcome is there anything else i can help you with?
cambridge lodge restaurant-name is a nice restaurant-name serves restaurant-food if you want something in restaurant-name restaurant-area .
Thank you, have a wonderful day!
You have your choice of restaurant-name Jinling Noodle Bar, Lan Hong House, Shanghai Family Restaurant, or restaurant-name Golden Wok.
There are 33 in that area. Please choose a food type. African, Asian, British, Chinese, European, French, Gastropub, Indian, Japanese, Korean, Mediterranean, North American, Modern European, Seafood, Thai, or Turkish. 
Their phone number is 01223 324351
The phone number is 01223352607, and postcode is cb23nj
It is actually not open then, another day or place to dine?
there are restaurant-name restaurants that serve restaurant-food food.
I've made your reservation for restaurant-book people on Monday at 16:00. Your reference number is PCU46V3W. Can I help with anything else?
We have nine. What sort of cuisine would you like?
There are restaurant-book people Chinese restaurants in restaurant-name south.  Two are restaurant-price range and one is cheap.  Would you like more information or to make a reservation? 
Royal Spice is a restaurant-price range Indian restaurant-name located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton. Their number is 01733 553355. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Curry garden is an Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Yes there are four other options. What kind of food would you like?
Okay I have amended that reservation and your reference number is NMJIT3AV.
Michaelhouse Cafe is at St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre. How does that sound?
There are two restaurant-food restaurants in town. Would you prefer one in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town or in restaurant-name restaurant-area part?
How many people should I make restaurant-name reservation for?
Okay I have you booked there for Monday at restaurant-book time and your reference number is 0J39OJVT.
That would be restaurant-name Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, and they can be reached at 01223 323737. Can I help you with anything else today? 
You're welcome.  Is there anything else?
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town an has an restaurant-price range price range.
The address of Da Vinci Pizzeria is 20 Milton Road Chesterton. 
I found two moderately priced restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you prefer Italian or Modern European food?
I have a Vietnamese and an Italian restaurant-name matching your requirements. Would you be interested in either?
Phone number is 01223 577786 and postcode is C.B 5, restaurant-book people P.A. 
I found one restaurant-name with those credentials, it's Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton, would you like restaurant-name address? 
restaurant-name hotel restaurant-name is a nice restaurant-name that serves restaurant-food food and is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town
cambridge lodge restaurant-name is a nice restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town
I was able to make a reservation for restaurant-book people people at Cotto on Wednesday at 14:45.  Your reference number is RX6XP8KP.
Yes, royal standard is in restaurant-name city restaurant-area at 290 Mill Road.
You're welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
Golden wok is moderately priced restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
I'm sorry but there are restaurant-name Austrian restaurants. Is there another type that might interest you?
I'm glad I could help. Have a great day and thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I'm sorry but there are restaurant-name available tables at that time, would you like to find another restaurant?
Sure, their phone number is 01223364917 and their post code is cb21uf.
I have booked your reservation for restaurant-name one seven on Saturday at 12:00. Your reference number is DYSZRX2B. Do you need any other assistance?
Bloomsbury Restaurant is a moderately priced restaurant-name that serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
Sorry there are restaurant-name Malasian resturants in restaurant-name area you are looking for. Can I help you with something elese.
Well, my personal favorite is Copper Kettle. I've booked you a table for restaurant-book people on Saturday at 17:30. Your reference number is LSQYZI7O. 
It is Pizza Hut Fen Ditton.
Yes it most certainly does.
I have found some restaurants. They serve restaurant-food oriental, british, chinese, european, gastropub, international, italian, lebanese, modern european, spanish, and turkish.
There is restaurant-food and restaurant-food restaurants that are restaurant-price range in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Which do you prefer?
You're welcome. May I help with anything else?
The Missing Sock is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and it serves International food. 
You've got a table for Monday at Shiraz Restaurant.  Your reference number is NS7MCM5B.  Can I help with anything else today?
I have found restaurant-name restaurants serving Christmas food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like a different type of food?
Okay I was able to book you at Eraina at restaurant-book time on Tuesday for restaurant-book people people. your reference number is 2OCXGNUP.
Phone is 01223 248882, address and postcode are 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton C.B 5, restaurant-book people P.A
Yes certainly their address is 74 Mill Road City Centre and their postcode is cb12as. Their telephone number is 01223323639. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, I suggest restaurant-name Cambridge Lodge Restaurant. They serve great European food and are located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like their phone number?
They are at Finders Corner Newmarket Road, and their number is 01223 812660 .
I have booked a reservation at restaurant-book time for restaurant-book people people on Thursday. The reference number is KLOFPFUM. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Their number is 01223 400170. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Jinling Noodle Bar is a nice restaurant-food restaurant-name .
You're welcome. Have a lovely day.
There are nine restaurants in restaurant-name east. Do you want a certain price range?
Saigon City serves Asian Oriental food and is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like restaurant-name address and phone number?
Thanks for using our services. Can I help with anything else?
Let me know what else you need .
restaurant-name address of restaurant-name missing sock is Finders Corner Newmarket Road and phone number is 01223 812660
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting restaurant-name Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Your options are Curry Prince, Pipasha Restaurant, Rajmahal, and Sitar Tandoori. Which one would you like more information regarding?
Have a great day and enjoy your food.
There are several restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Do you have a preference for restaurant-name type of food or part of town? 
Saint Johns Chop House is located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street, postcode cb30ad. The phone number is 01223353110. Is there any other information you need? 
Restaurant two two is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  their phone number is 01223 351880 and they are located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton. Would you like anything else? 
I'm sorry, but restaurant-name restaurant-name isn't available for that time. Is there another time or day you'd like to try? 
Thanks! I hope you have a great day!
I apologize, there are restaurant-name restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range that serve Welsh food. Would you like a different type of food?
Yes there are 15 restaurants that are a similar price range. Did you still want Italian?
The phone number for restaurant-name Lucky Star is 01223 244277. Is there anything I can help you with?
Glad to help.  Goodbye.
Your table for restaurant-book people at restaurant-book time on Sunday at Bloomsbury is reserved (Reference #7354C6CL). Is there anything else I can do for you today?
152 - 154 Hills Road
You are booked at restaurant-name good luck restaurant-food food takeaway. Your reference number is ARDCXT6O
The Missing Sock serves International cuisine at a restaurant-price range price.  They are in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
The dojo noodle bar is a restaurant-price range restaurant-name serving restaurant-food oriental food in restaurant-name centre. Would you like to book at this restaurant?
You are very welcome. Bye.
I am sorry there are restaurant-name Cuban restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Is there anywhere else you will like to search for?
No problem at all. What else can I do for you? 
Your welcome. Thank you for calling restaurant-name Cambridge Township Centre. Have a great day!
There are restaurant-book people moderately priced restaurants that serve British food. Saint Johns Chop House in restaurant-name west, and Cotto, Restaurant One Seven, The Copper Kettle, and The Oak Bistro in restaurant-name city centre.
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
Anatolia is moderately priced. Do you need additional information?
I can recommend restaurant-name Michaelhouse Cafe. Would you like me to make a reservation?
You are very welcome. Good bye.
No problem. Did you need anything else?
I would suggest Graffiti, it is restaurant-food food. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Just want to confirm, do you need any further assistance?
The Missing Sock serves International food and is located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.  The phone number is 01223 812660.
Those are restaurant-name only results for restaurant-price range Thai food.  
The address for Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and restaurant-name address for Restaurant Alimentum is 152 - 154 Hills Road.
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
I'm sorry, we have restaurant-name light bites restaurants in restaurant-name city centre. Would you like to try another cuisine?
You're welcome.  Please come again if you need more help.
There are restaurant-name Welsh restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would you like something else?
There are five restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range that serve Italian food. What area are you looking for?
Their number is 01223812660.
Yes I was able to locate 4. Can I book a table for you?
Nandos is a Portuguese restaurant, it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, and is on restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like restaurant-name phone number?
Alright, shall I make a reservation for restaurant-name Curry King?
I am sorry but there are restaurant-name restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area that serve Swiss food.
The only restaurant-name fitting such criteria is La Tasca.
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is XOT3L3NR.

I have restaurant-book people restaurant-food oriental and restaurant-book people restaurant-food places that fit your requirements. Do you have a preference?
There are 31. What kind of cuisine would you like?
Chiquito restaurant-name bar is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. It's address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton, and it's phone number is 01223 400170. 
You're welcome. Have a great day!
It's an restaurant-price range restaurant-name and restaurant-name number is 01223367660.
There are restaurant-book people listings matching your criteria. Do you have a preference on restaurant-name area?
I'm sorry but there aren't any venues offering Caribbean food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. 
There are several in restaurant-name West area. What is your address and I can find one that is closest to you? Do you want to walk?
You are booked for Bangkok city. Your reference number is 64OEFCHO. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else?
The phone number for ali baba is 01462 432565 and their address is 59 Hills Road City Centre. Can I help you with anything else today?   
Great, enjoy your dinner and have a nice day.  Thank you!
I have 15 restaurants that match your description? Is there a specific cuisine you would like?
The postcode is C.B. restaurant-book people restaurant-book people D.Y
I have you scheduled for a reservation for restaurant-book people on Sunday at 12:30, would you like a confirmation receipt?
I'm booking you a table for restaurant-book people at restaurant-book time Saturday at Charlie Chan. What name should I place this under?
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is a moderately priced restaurant-food in restaurant-name restaurant-area area. Would you like their address and phone number?
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
La Raza is a Spanish restaurant, it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, and it is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like restaurant-name phone number?
I was able to book a table for you at hotel du vin and bistro. It's a moderately priced classic European restaurant. Your reference number is  H7LU2IPF.
Yes many. It all depends on what type of cuisine you're after.
May I recommend restaurant-name Grafton Hotel Restaurant, then?  They're very British, very expensive, and located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
How about Rice House? That's a Chinese restaurant-name in restaurant-name city restaurant-area with restaurant-price range prices.
I was able to reserve a table. Your reference number is 2SLK6U5L. Is there anything else you'd like me to do?
I have both an Italian restaurant-name and a Vietnamese Restaurant. Do you have a preference?
I have found many restaurants with restaurant-name criteria you gave me offering different kinds of food. Do you have a preference for type of food?
yu garden serves restaurant-food food, is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like their location? 
I tried restaurant-name yippee noodle bar which serves Asian Oriental food but it is booked. Do you want to stay with Chinese Asian cuisine?
How about La Margherita?
Great, I hope you enjoy your dinner!
restaurant-name problem, its phone number is 01223 351707 and address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
Yes, there's restaurant-name Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway, Peking Restaurant, and Taj Tandoori. How do those sound?
You're welcome! Have a great day and enjoy your meal!
welcome next time
You are welcome. Good bye.
Bedouin is located at 100 mill road city restaurant-area and restaurant-name postcode is CB12BD. Is there anything else I can help with? 
Good day!
I'm sorry, there is restaurant-name restaurant-name listed serving Christmas food.  Would you like to try something else? 
I am sorry, there is restaurant-name restaurant-name serving restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like any other type of food or different price range?
I'm sorry, we don't have any Kosher restaurants on restaurant-name restaurant-area side. Would you like to try a different cuisine type? 
WHich price range do you want? I have restaurant-price range and moderate.
Sorry but restaurant-name restaurant-food food restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area is found. can i provide you something else. 
There is a Vietnamese restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area area of town that is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range called Thanh binh, should I book that for you?
Unfortunately, I don't have any places that serve tea that are expensive. Did you want me to try a different price range or type of cuisine served?
Eraina is an restaurant-price range European restaurant-name in restaurant-name city centre, would you like me to book that for you?
The only restaurant-price range Indian restaurant-name in that area is Meghna, and they are not available for that time. Can I try something else? 
The Royal Spice is a restaurant-price range Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name south. Would you like more information?
What day would you like to book for? 
What area would you like?
Jinling Noodle Bar is a nice place that fits your requirement
May I suggest curry prince, a moderately priced restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name east? 
I was able to book restaurant-name one seven, reference number is XXZ4D253.
restaurant-name restaurant-name is one on restaurant-name restaurant-area side.
Sure I have at least two choices for you. One is restaurant-name De Luca Cucina and Bar and restaurant-name other is restaurant-name Riverside Brasserie. Both are located in restaurant-name center. Would either of them interest you?
I've found one restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name centre. Would you like to know more about it?
I found restaurant-name restaurants serving Danish food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
I have listings for restaurant-book people restaurant-food places,one restaurant-price range and one expensive, which one you like information on?
thank you for choosing our system. Good bye 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : K3EBX9QT. The booking is at restaurant-name Golden Curry. Need anything else?
I can absolutely do that for you, what time would you like me to make that reservation for?
There are quite a few Chinese restaurants. Are you looking for one in particular area or price range?
your welcome. thanks for calling
Thank you for booking with us. Have a great day.
You are welcome and enjoy your  Stay
Kohinoor is an restaurant-food restaurant, in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in restaurant-name centre. Do you want restaurant-name address and phone number? 
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
The "yu garden" is a nice place
restaurant-name two two is in restaurant-name restaurant-area area and serving restaurant-food food, can I help you with anything else?
its address is 36 Saint Andrews Street and phone number is 01223 462354
Royal Spice is an Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. It is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. 
Would you like to eat Asian Oriental, Chinese, European, or French?
You're welcome is there anything else I can assist with today?
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is located in restaurant-name city restaurant-area on Corn Exchange Street and restaurant-name number there is 01223 308871. How else may I help you? 
The postcode of restaurant-name restaurant-name is C.B 2, restaurant-book people U.J.
Dojo Noodle Bar's postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people R.Q. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Reference number is : NR6VPA82.
The phone number is 01223 327908, and restaurant-name address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. May I help you with anything else?
There are restaurant-book people restaurants that serve restaurant-food food.  What price range are you looking for?
I've heard good things about restaurant-name lucky star. Need a reservation?
Yes it is moderately priced. 
Graffiti is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area that is available.
Their phone number is 01223 812660 and their postcode is C.B 25, 9 A.Q.
Thanh Binh is located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 315232.
I was able to book a table at zizzi cambridge for 13:45. Your reference number is KSYHRB8I.
Royal Standard is located at 290 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like to know more about restaurant-name restaurant?
Hi! Royal Standard is an excellent restaurant-price range restaurant-food in restaurant-name restaurant-area area. Their number is 01223247877, anything else?
Thank you. Have a good day, goodbye.
The postcode for Kohinoor is cb12as. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
The phone number is 01223323361.
Yes, we have nine Indian restaurants in restaurant-name center of town.  Do you have a preference in price range?
Unfortunately there are restaurant-name tables at that time, do you have another time?
There are thirty thee choices. Do you have a food type you would like to try?
How about restaurant-name Rice House? It is located at 88 Mill Road City Centre and their number is 01223367755. 
restaurant-name restaurant-name is British cuisine. Would you like me to book a reservation?
we appreciate you using our services.
la tasca would fit restaurant-name bill. its phone number is 01223 464630 .
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurants listed serving restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like to try something else? 
You are all set for restaurant-book time Monday.  Your reference number is 36NIKCYF.  Can I help you with anything else?
You are welcome!
The phone number for restaurant-name two two is 01223 351880. Can I help you with anything else? 
Thank you for using our system. Goodbye!
You are welcome. Please contact us again soon. Have a good day. 
Welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
I see several options for Thai food in restaurant-name city centre. Would you like to narrow them down by price?
It appears they serve Italian food.  Would you like me to book you a table?
I'm sorry they aren't available at that time, would you like me to find something else?
What is restaurant-name area you would like?
Sorry, there are restaurant-name tables available. Would you like to try another restaurant?
You are welcome. 
You're welcome.  Bye.
I apologize but I was not able to find a moderately priced bistro.  Would you be interested in a different type of restaurant?
Thank you, and have a good evening! 
enjoy your meal.
Yu Garden's address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
The post code is cb21eg.  Can I assist you further?
Booking was unfortunately unsuccessful. Can we try another day or a differen't time slot?
I am sorry but there aren't any restaurants matching your criteria. Can I help you with something else? 
You are welcome, goodbye.
I am sorry there restaurant-name restaurants matching what you want. Is there anything else?
Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Thank you, and have a great day!
chiquito restaurant-name bar is located at 2G Cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton. Its phone number is 01223400170. Would you like anything else? 
How about nandos? It is a restaurant-price range restraunt on Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way
restaurant-name is a restaurant-name  in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and moderately priced. would you like their phone number and address?
Okay, that worked, and I've successfully booked your table. I can give you restaurant-name reference number, if you'd like.
The Nirala is an Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range on restaurant-name restaurant-area side.
Graffiti is on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town, serves a wonderful British menu and falls in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
Sure. There is a Chinese Restaurant and a Portuguese Restaurant. Would you like me to book one for you?
There are two restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would like information for either of those?
I have restaurant-book people restaurant-food restaurants available.  Is there a price range you would prefer?
Meghna is at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton and their number is 01223 727410.  Can I do anything else for you?
Nandos City Centre is your place. Would you like to book?
I'm sorry but there aren't any Malaysian places of any price in town. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
There are three restaurants that serve Turkish food in restaurant-name center of town. What price range would you like?
May I help you with anything else? Do you need a taxi?
You're wecome. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
The phone number for Curry Prince is 01223 566388. 
I have found 3, la mimosa, restaurant-name gardenia, and shiraz restaurant-name
Okay thank you 
Yes, it's XXNQ81IE.
How about Kohinoor? It's a restaurant-price range Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name center. Would you like a reservation? 
Sorry, but there aren't any restaurants of that type. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
restaurant-name alimentum's phone number is 01223 413000
Unfortunately, there are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants listed in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like something else? 
There are five restaurant-price range restaurants in that area. Do you have a preference for price range or type of food?
I've booked you a table at restaurant-name restaurant. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is MIRO0QRD. Anything else I can help with?
There are restaurant-name moderately priced Moroccan restaurants in any area. Might another type of food interest you?
The Copper Kettle is a British restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area area with a restaurant-price range price range, would you like me to book that for you?
The Missing Sock is a restaurant-price range restaurant-name on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town that serves restaurant-food food. Would you like more information on that place?
Certainly. Some choices that fit your criteria are Bedouin, Kymmoy, and Fitzbillies Restaurant.
The missing sock is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Sure.  Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre and restaurant-name phone number is 01223362372.  Can I help you with anything else today?
The Gourmet Burger Kitchen is at Regent Street City Centre, post code C.B 2, restaurant-book people A.B. The phone number is 01223 312598.
I'm sorry but I have restaurant-name Jamaican restaurants located in restaurant-name south. Could we try another part of restaurant-name city or different food type?
Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No I'm sorry there isn't anything fitting those details. Can we try a different area or type of food? 
You're welcome. Feel free to contact us again if you need anything else.
Thank you for using our services.
Good news! Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : ZXIRY17R.
It's called The Lucky Star. It's at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. 
Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge Restaurant System Phone Line. Enjoy your meal!
I have three restaurants with that information,can I restaurant-name what type of food you are looking for to narrow it down?
There are two restaurants serving Italian food in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. What price range would you like?
How does The Cambridge Chop House sound? It serves restaurant-food food?
Saint Johns Chop House is a British restaurant-name located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street.
Thank you for using our service. 
You're welcome! Have a nice day!  Goodbye.
Fitzbillies restaurant-name serves British food, is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area and is expensive. It's address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre.
Yes I found restaurant-book people restaurant-price range restaurant-food oriental places to eat. The dojo noodle bar and j restaurant. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Okay. Do you want to dine in a specific area?
There are several restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Do you have a preference of price range or type of food? 
Yu Garden is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Do you want restaurant-name address and phone number? 
How about Curry prince? It is restaurant-food food.
There are several restaurants serving modern European food.  Do you have an area or price preference?
Do you prefer moderately priced or expensive? 
There are two restaurants serving restaurant-food food. Nandos in restaurant-name South and Nandos in City Center. Would you like further information on either of those?
The Lucky Star is an inexpensive restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
You're quite welcome.  Goodbye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye.
The address for La Raza is restaurant-book people - restaurant-book people Rose Crescent, and restaurant-name postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people L.L. La Raza's phone number is 01223 464550.
Curry prince is moderately priced and located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton 01223 566388.
The restaurant-name serves restaurant-food and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like to book a table?
There is a very tasty Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range range. It is called Meghna. Would you like their information?
There are a few restaurants that will meet your needs. I suggest The Copper Kettle at restaurant-book people Kings Parade City Centre.
I am sorry there are restaurant-name listings for that type of place, can I help you find one in another area?
The address is 21-24 Northampton Street, postcode: cb30ad and restaurant-name phone number is 01223353110. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay you're welcome. Thank you for calling.
Thank you goodbye.
There are three restaurant-food restaurants listed. One is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and restaurant-name rest are in restaurant-name centre.
Of course. The restaurant-name is on 152 - 154 Hills Road and their phone number is 01223413000.
I have found a few British restaurants in  your price range. Do you want a specific part of town?
The phone number of The Lucky Star is 01223 244277.
Thank you for using our service.  Have a great day!
Thank you 
I have booked restaurant-name Kymmoy restaurant-name for restaurant-book people at restaurant-book time pm on Wednesday.  It is an restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name centre. Your reservation number is N08TP996.
There are two restaurant-price range Chinese restaurants, restaurant-name Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway and restaurant-name Peking Restaurant. Would you like to book a table with either of these?
Thank You
enjoy your meal .
You're welcome, enjoy your meal!
I was able to get you in at Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant. Your reference number is O9K319CU. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, there are 9. What cuisine would you like?
There aren't any Jamaican restaurants nearby, would you like another type of cuisine?
Their postcode is C.B. restaurant-book people restaurant-book people D.Y
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
Thank you, have a great day!
There are three restaurants, restaurant-name locations are Bridge Street city centre, King Street City centre, and restaurant-name more restaurant-price range is on Mill Road city centre. Which do you prefer?
Curry Prince is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton; their phone number is 01223566388.
I would recommend restaurant-name as it is a nice place.
Golden Wok is a restaurant-food restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 350688. 
The post code is cb259aq. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, enjoy your meal. 
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.  The phone number is 01223 400170.
There's a restaurant-name that serves restaurant-food food called The Missing Sock. Does that sound good?
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant serves European food and is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
I have several high end options available. Did you have a preference on restaurant-name type of cuisine?
There are three restaurants of varying price range serving your requested type of cuisine. Would you like to narrow your request?
I have that place here, restaurant-name adress is 30 Bridge street City Centre, postcode cb21uj
restaurant-name is a moderately priced restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
I have Tang Chinese open then, Reference number is : 1AZI69I4. Need anything else?
Okay, Peking Restaurant's number is 01223 354755 and they are located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Their address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 362525.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : OMKMNJEM.
I am sorry, I can't find any restaurant-name serving restaurant-food food in this town. Do you have another type of food in your mind? 
It is in restaurant-name city centre.
frankie and bennys serves restaurant-food food and is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like more information for them? 
No problem, I've got it right here. They are located at 83 Regent Street and their phone number is 01223356666, is there anything else?
There are restaurant-book people that fit your criteria, restaurant-book people in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town are eraina, michaelhouse cafe, darrys cookhouse and wine shop and city stop restaurant-name restaurant-area and cambridge lodge restaurant-name west.
I recommend Chiquito Restaurant Bar
Okay now I have many options would you like a reservation at one of them?
Yu Garden is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area area.
I'm still not finding anything. Would you like me to search a different part of town or a different food type?
There is an African restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area area called Bedouin.
Thanh Binh is at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
thank you, goodbye
17 Magdalene Street City Centre
I'm sorry.  The restaurant-name is fully booked at that time. What other day or time slot would be good for you?
Have a great day, and please call us again if you need anything else. Bye!
The postcode for Frankie and Bennys is C.B 1, restaurant-book people D.Y and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 412430.
There are a few restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Are you looking for a certain price range?
Have a nice day.  Goodbye. 
Do you want restaurant-name phone numbers to Restaurant One Seven? 
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good-bye
I'm sure we can. Cambridge offers 31 moderately priced restaurants. What sort of cuisine would you like?
Cote is a French restaurant-name in restaurant-name city restaurant-area in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Goodbye!
You are welcome. Enjoy your evening!
You're welcome!
Sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurants serving Persian food available.  May I help you find a different sort of food?
I was able to book your table on Sunday at restaurant-book time for 1. The reference number is FRGW4OO2.
No, Charlin Chan is a restaurant-price range place. The Ugly Duckling is an restaurant-price range Chinese restaurant-name though, is that what you would like?
Certainly, to narrow it down, do you have a preference for what part of restaurant-name city it is in or what type of food is served?
I'm sorry, sir, I'm having trouble making that booking. Would you like to try for a different time or a different day?
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Yu Garden is a Chinese restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.   Would you like their address?
I am afraid that booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Absolutely! Caffe uno is located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre.
Your reservations were successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes on Thursday at restaurant-book time for two. Your reference number is P62W5TAA. 
I can make a reservation for restaurant-book people people for Monday at 17:45. Is that okay or would you like another day? 
how about da vinci pizzeria? a restaurant-price range restaurant-food place in restaurant-name restaurant-area ?
I'd like to recommend la margherita, found in restaurant-name North.
There are 22 restarants serving restaurant-price range food. What type of food would you like?
Sure! Loch fyne is an restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurant-name located in restaurant-name centre. Would you like a reservation?
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.
Would you like me to try and make a reservation for restaurant-name Cambridge Chop House?
You are welcome, enjoy your stay. Good bye.
There are three Chinese restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. What price range would you like?
Is there a specific part of town or type of food you're interested in?
There are four more results. What type of food are you interested in?
I apologize but restaurant-name booking was unsuccessful. Can we try another day or time?
Nandos is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and serves Portuguese food.
Have a nice time, let us know if you need anything else. 
The phone number for restaurant-name Cotto is, 0122302010.The address us 183 East Road, City Centre. Anything else?
Glad I could be of assistance.  Have a great day.  Good bye.
There are 33 restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area serving restaurant-price range food. What type of food would you like?
Okay. Great. Enjoy your lunch.
There are over 20 options that fit that criteria, do you have a specific food type in mind?
Golden Wok serves Chinese food. Would you like their address and phone number?
There is an Italian or Vietnamese restaurant. Which do you prefer?
There are four restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town serving Indian food. What price range would you like?
Okay I was able to book you into The Royal Spice serving Indian food and your reference number is K8N0LLBP.
Chiquito restaurant-name bar is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like additional information?
Im sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurants that serve restaurant-food food. Can I help you with something else?
I'm sorry there's restaurant-name matches for restaurant-food food. 
The phone number for curry prince is 01223 566388 and they are located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.  Can I help you with anything else today? 
Golden house serves restaurant-price range Chinese food in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
I have 69 total restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area with varying cuisines. Do you have a preference?
Da vinci pizzeria serves restaurant-price range restaurant-food food. Would you like their address or phone number?
Thank you for using restaurant-name system. Good bye.
Do you have a preference on food type? There are three restaurants with restaurant-name following food types: indian, italian, and british.
Sure thing! Where are you located?
There are four listings for restaurant-name provided criteria. Do you prefer restaurant-name restaurant-area or restaurant-area area?
good day!
What area were you looking for?
Cote is located at Bridge Street City Centre, and Restaurant Two Two is at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton. How else may I assist you?
Sure! It is Indian food.
The Grafton Hotel Restaurant is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town that serves British food.
restaurant-name there is restaurant-name lucky star serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, Its address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 327908.
Certainly. The phone number for Curry Garden is 01223302330, restaurant-name postcode is cb21dp, and restaurant-name address is 106 Regent Street City Centre. May I assist you with anything else today?
Sure thing. The address is 40428 King Street City Centre, postcode cb11lh, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223518111. Can I help you find anything else?
Certainly. I have booked you for Saturday at restaurant-book time for restaurant-book people people The Slug and Lettuce. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today? 
The postcode for restaurant-food hut cherry hinton is C.B.1 restaurant-book people D.Y
Saigon City is an expinsive restaurant-food oriental restraunt in restaurant-name restaurant-area area of town.
You have your choice of Meze bar, Anatolia, or Efes Restaurant.
There are 9 Italian restaurants in restaurant-name center of town. I recommend Pizza Express Fen Ditton. However, restaurant-name restaurant-name is fully booked. Do you have a price range?
There are three. How about restaurant-name varsity restaurant, their address is 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre
The Oak Bistro was available to be booked, your reference number is EO5VQ6EJ.
Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge restaurant-name system.  Good bye.
How about Golden Wok located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton?
i suggest stazione restaurant-name and coffee bar	italian	centre	expensive	01223352607	cb23nj	Market Hill City Centre
Meghna is an restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. 
I'm sorry, but there are restaurant-name Greek restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Curry garden has good reviews and serves Indian food in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
Yes, restaurant-name phone number for restaurant-name restaurant-name restaurant-name is 01223727410. What other information would you like?
There are restaurant-name restaurants matching your request.
yes. la tasca is a nice restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. 
I found restaurant-name jinling noodle bar. would you like me to book?
Nandos is indeed in restaurant-name south. The booking is successful with restaurant-name reference number PCFFZ610. Do you need more help?
zizzi cambridge is a restaurant-price range Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name Cambridge area
The Curry Prince is on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town.
There are multiple restaurant-food restaurants. What area are you looking for?
Absolutely. La Mimosa is located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton. The postcode is cb58aq. Their phone number is 01223362525. Can I assist you in making a reservation?
The missing sock will meet your needs. Need to book a reservation?
Yes, Dojo Noodle Bar and J Restaurant in restaurant-name city restaurant-area both have what you're looking for. Would you like to book a table at one of them?
The only listing for Mexican food is Chiquito Restaurant Bar. How else may I assist you?
I have meze bar restaurant-name at 196 Mill Road City Centre.
There are restaurant-name Latin American restaurants in restaurant-name centre. Would you like information about a different style of food?
Good bye. Thank you for contacting restaurant-name Cambridge restaurant-name system.
What kind of food would you like?
I've found 9 restaurants that match what you're looking for. Would you like me to go through them?
I got a table at restaurant-name instead for you. Your reference number is 2J5AEMRI. Is there anything else?
Reference number is : B5CPU2X5.  Can I assist you with anything else today?
I'm sorry. There are restaurant-name restaurants serving English food near your area.
Sure I have them in all price ranges all over restaurant-name city. Do you have an area you prefer?
You're looking for Turkish food, correct?
What about restaurant-name Copper Kettle? They serve British cuisine.
01223 308871 Will that be all?
Their phone number is 01223 351880.
Bedouin is an restaurant-price range African restaurant-name in restaurant-name city centre. 
Yes, it is listed as restaurant-price range in my database. Would you like more information on it?
I sure can.  The address is Corn Exchange Street, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223308871.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Unfortunately restaurant-name booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try a different restaurant-name or different day and time? 
dojo noodle bar serves restaurant-food oriental food
You're in luck, we have many moderately priced restaurants in restaurant-name centre. Cuisine offerings vary from restaurant-food oriental to european. What sounds good to you today?
It is a moderately-priced British restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would you like restaurant-name address?
I have a wide range of places I can recommend. First, why don't I restaurant-name if there is an area in restaurant-name city that you prefer to dine in?
Thank you for using Cambridge restaurant-name system. Good bye.
I'm sorry but there are restaurant-name moderately priced Scottish restaurants in town. Would you like a different type of food?
There aren't any restaurants serving Persian food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like me to look in a different area?
Of course. You're booked at restaurant-book time with reference number TTP6GYCJ. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I assist with anything else?
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurants in town. Can I help you find anything else?
I was unable to book that, would you like me to try something else?
Great! Enjoy your meal, let me know if I can help with anything else.
You're very welcome, I hope you have a great dinner. Is there anything else at all that I can assist you with?
Can I recommend restaurant-name cafe located on 54 King Street City Centre?
I'm sorry.  I was unable to find a restaurant-name with those criteria.  Would you like to try a different type of restaurant-name or price range?
Thank you for using this system and please call again. Goodbye.
I have a listing for Cambridge lodge restaurant-name that serves British food,can I book you a table there?
Okay, there are a lots of options. What type of food would you like to eat?
Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy restaurant-name rest of your day!
Backstreet Bistro is at restaurant-book people Sturton Street City Centre, post code C.B 1, restaurant-book people Q.A. The phone number is 01223 306306.
Good bye, have fun!
Yes. chiquito restaurant-name bar serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : SOPGGCUP.
You are welcome.  Enjoy your dinner.  Bye.
Nandos is located on restaurant-name restaurant-area side at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 327908.
There are quite a few. I might recommend La Mimosa, it serves Mediterranean food. Does that sound good?
Anatolia and Efes Restaurant are both moderately priced Turkish restaurants, and both are in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would you like an address or phone number for one of them?
You're welcome. Enjoy your meal. Thank you for contacting restaurant-name centre. Goodbye.
Their phone number is 01223361763. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Their phone number is 01223 566388.
Unfortunately there is nothing available for Tuesday at 14:15. Would another time or day work for you? 
The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill located in restaurant-name Centre has restaurant-price range Modern European food.  Would you care for that?
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants listed in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like to try something else? 
There are restaurant-name restaurants matching your request. May I help you find a different restaurant? 
Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
Their phone number is 01223 464630, their address is 14 -16 Bridge Street and their postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people U.F.
Great! Have a wonderful day!
Would you be interested in a wonderful Indian restaurant-name called Tandoori Palace?
OK, I was able to get you a table at Dojo Noodle Bar. The reference number is T5AAEPL9 and they'll hold restaurant-name table for 15 minutes. Is that good?
There is also Kymmoy in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town, at 52 Mill Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 311911.
I have found several. Would you like British, Indian, gastropub, or Chinese?
THANKS VERY MUCH
The address of Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 355166. May I help you with anything else?
What day and time would you like to go?
Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge restaurant-name system. Goodbye.
Pizza Express Fen Ditton is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Alright. let me know if there is anything else I can help you with.
One in restaurant-name East is called Royal Standard. Can I book a table for you?
how about restaurant-name hotel restaurant, it serves british.
There are ten restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name city; do you have a preference of area or type of cuisine?
Of course. Their phone number is 01223 356555 and they are located at 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
unfortunately, restaurant-name Caribbean restaurants can be found in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. can i help you with something else?
Frankie and Bennys serves Italian food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. The phone number is 01223 412430, and restaurant-name postcode is C.B 1, restaurant-book people D.Y.
I found restaurant-name matching records for your requests. Do you want to try something else ?
Nandos city restaurant-area is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Their phone number is 01223 327908
there are two restaurant-food restaurants in total, what price range do you want ?
Chiquito restaurant-name bar is a Mexican restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
You're welcome. Thank you! Have a good day now!
Da vinci pizzeria is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : VX834JA0.
I certainly can. We have 15 inexpensive restaurants in restaurant-name center of town. Was there a particular type of cuisine you wanted?
I recommend anatolia, it is a restaurant-food food type restaurant-name and its postcode is cb21uj.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 840ZVK1R.
The Varsity is a moderately priced restaurant-name offering restaurant-food cuisine. Would you like any other information?
There are restaurant-book people in restaurant-name restaurant-area and one in restaurant-name south. Charlie Chan is one of restaurant-name restaurant-price range Chinese restaurants in restaurant-name centre.
there is restaurant-name which is restaurant-food at 21 - 24 Northampton Road, phone number is 01799 521260.
restaurant-name price range of restaurant-name food there is restaurant-price range
I'm sorry. There is restaurant-name matching restaurant. Would you like to try a different food type or area?
I am sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurants that meet your requests. Would you like to change your price range or food type?
Bedouin is expensive. Would you like to book there?
Would you like me to make you a reservation at restaurant-name Jinling Noodle Bar?
Thanks, have a nice day. 
Sure, there are restaurant-book people restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Do you prefer a certain part of town? 
The address is 36 Saint Andrews Street	, cb23ar, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223462354. 
Prezzo is an Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town, and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. The address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road and restaurant-name phone number is 01799 521260.
I have you booked for a table of restaurant-book people at restaurant-book time on Wednesday, would you like a confirmation receipt?
The phone number is 01223 241387. Will that be all?
Goodbye. 
Prezzo serves Italian food and is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
There are Mexican, italian, restaurant-food and restaurant-food restaurants on restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Do you have a particular type?
Sure, restaurant-name phone number is 01223812660.
You are welcome. Have a lovely day.
You are booked into restaurant-name ugly duckling which is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Your reference number is 3RFXW8G6. Is there anything else?
Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton 01223 244277
thank you 
The address for Bangkok city is  24 Green Street City Centr, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 354382 . Is there anything else I can help you with?	
There are several restaurant-name matches in this area. Would you like British, Indian, Gastropub, or Chinese?
Thank you and enjoy your meal. Have a great day.
You're welcome. Thank you and goodbye.
Their postcode is cb23ll, and they are located at restaurant-book people Rose Crescent City Centre	
Pizza hut, restaurant-name and Zizzi all appear to be in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range,   Would you like me to book one?
I booked a table for you at peking restaurant. Reference number is XPE4EOGJ. Anything else today?
Your Reference number is : VRU8VSG0.  Do you need any further assistance?
Unfortunately, there aren't any restaurant-food restaurants in that location. Would you like another type of food, or perhaps a different location?
restaurant-name would fit restaurant-name bill.
Your booking was successful and restaurant-name reference number is 1YYK3KQS. May I assist you with anything else today?
restaurant-name cambridge lodge restaurant-name is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223 355166.   
The two other restaurants that are relatively restaurant-price range are a restaurant-name called Ask and restaurant-name other is Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like more info on one of those?
chiquito restaurant-name bar serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like their location? 
No matches found for restaurant-price range Malaysian food. Would you like something else?
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
The address of The Varsity Restaurant is 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre and restaurant-name postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people A.R.
You hang up first, sir!
Alright, I have your table booked at Fitzbillies restaurant. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: BCVPHB3U. Anything else today?
Graffiti serves British food. The postcode is cb30lx. The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Reviews are not available in our database.
I have found The Copper Kettle lcoated at restaurant-book people Kings Parade. Would you like to make a reservation?
I'm sorry, I can't find any place with Corsica food. Do you have a second choice?
I have four Indian places, do you have a price range in mind?
sala thong serves restaurant-food food and is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like more information for them? 
I can book a table at bangkok city for restaurant-book people when would you like restaurant-name reservation?
There are two restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and restaurant-area area. There is golden wok and there is restaurant-name nirala.
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 0UD63QC0. Can I assist you with anything else today.
taj restaurant-name is an restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name south. would you like any other info? or to book it?
Frankie and Bennys is an restaurant-price range Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like their address?
I was able to find restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
shiraz restaurant-name is located at 84 Regent Street City Centre and its phone number is 01223 307581. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Thank you for using our service today.
Post code is C.B 1, restaurant-book people D.Y , phone number is 01223 323737, and address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Okay I have pulled up two matches. An restaurant-food restaurant-name and an restaurant-food restaurant. 
They are located at Napier Street City Centre	
Thier address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road and phone number is 01799 521260
La Raza is a restaurant-price range Spanish restaurant.  Would you like their phone number or address?
Their phone number is 01223 812660 and their address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
The peking restaurant-name is located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 354755.
La Mimosa is a restaurant-name serving restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town, and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
The address is Regent Street City Centre, postcode C.B 2, restaurant-book people D.B, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 361763
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
restaurant-name sure. there is only on restaurant-food restaurant-name called restaurant-food hut fen ditton in restaurant-name east. What else do you want to know?
Certainly. On restaurant-name restaurant-area side, we have Saint John's Chop House, Meghna, and Prezzo. Do any of those sound good?
I am sorry I have restaurant-name results for restaurants serving restaurant-food food in restaurant-name west.  Would you like to find another type of cuisine?
The address is 108 Regent Street City Centre. Do you need any further information?
There are restaurant-name reservations available at that time. Would you like to try another restaurant?
I have booked you a table for restaurant-book people at Kymmoy at 52 Mill Road City.  Reference number 1BBUM6YN.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Taj Tandoori's phone number is 01223 412299. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I have you at Rajmahal, Reference number is : T44KC552. Anything else you need?
there phone number is 01223327908 and there address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have booked that for you and your reference number is EU6J389K. Anything else I can help with?
You're welcome! Have a great day. Goodbye.
I have found two. They are Da Vinci pizzeria and Royal Spice.
What area is closer to you, North or Centre?
That sounds like restaurant-name Yippee Noodle Bar. Could I book it for you?
There aren't any restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name area. Would you like to search for something else?
Thank you for calling. Have a great day!
Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge restaurant-name sytem.  Good bye.
You're welcome. Thank you for calling us today. Goodbye.
Thank you and please check with us for future reservations.
La Tasca is a moderately priced Spanish restaurant-name in Centre. 
I'm showing restaurant-book people restaurants matching that description, restaurant-book people in restaurant-name city restaurant-area and restaurant-book people in restaurant-name north. Do you have a preference for area?
Nandos is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town with a restaurant-price range price range. 
Thank you for using our system. Is that all you need today?
Certainly. galleria, postcode cb21uw, address 33 Bridge Street, and phone number 01223362054.
Okay, there's restaurant-name backstreet restaurant-food and restaurant-name slug and lettuce. I recommend backstreet bistro. 
Thank you for using this system, goodbye!
I could recommend Graffiti in restaurant-name west.Would you like more information? 
Ali Baba is a Lebanese restaurant-name in restaurant-name Centre area. Its address is 59 Hills Road City. Phone number is 01462 432565
restaurant-name chan is located at regent street city restaurant-area and its phone number is 01223 361763. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
I apologize restaurant-name Bedouin does not have any open seats for that day and time.  Would you like me to try another restaurant?
How about restaurant-name a restaurant-price range restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area located at 74 Mill Road?
Unfortunately, I don't happen to show any restaurants that meet that criteria. Would you like me to try looking for a different price range or cuisine type?
I have two restaurants. They are Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and Restaurant Alimentum.
The Golden Wok is a Chinese restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  The address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
you are welcome good bye
We have 15 restaurants that fit that price range. Is there a specific type of food that you are looking for so I can narrow it down a bit more?
OK, I got you a table at restaurant-name Bedouin. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: Q7R6ZVRE. Can I help you with anything else?
The phone number is 01223 412430.  The postcode is C.B 1, restaurant-book people D.Y
Okay I have booked a table for restaurant-book people on Wednesday at 1715 at Gardenia.
Yes, there are 22. What area would you like to dine in?
Your reservation is at restaurant-name Dojo Noodle Bar at Millers Yard.  The reference number is W87AKIBY and restaurant-name table will be held for 15 minutes.  Is that all?
Prezzo is an restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name area of restaurant-area in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. 
Of course, there are 110 restaurants in town. Would you like me to search by restaurant-name name?
Thank you, that was all I needed.
I couldn't get you a table at Dojo, I can get you one at J Restaurant, if you want?
Your booking was successful. Your Reference number is 98OLERPX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name on restaurant-name South part of town. Would you like restaurant-name phone number?
Would you like to try chiquito restaurant-name bar? 
restaurant-name restaurant-name is located at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Yes sure. I can tell you it serves restaurant-food food fare and is located at Corn Exchange Street and their telephone number is 01223308871. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
In restaurant-name same order: African, Asian Oriental, British. Do any of these fancy you?
I'm glad we were able to help you today. Have a wonderful weekend!
Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and phone number is 01223 412430
Yes, The Nirala is located at restaurant-book people Milton Road Chesterton. It's a moderately priced Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area area of town. Would you like a reservation?
There are several good options for dining in restaurant-name restaurant-area area. Do you have a preference for price range?
I booked Travellers Rest for you.  It is also an restaurant-price range British restaurant.  Reference number 1JYRFRT0.  Will that be all for today?
Yes, there are quite a few restaurant-price range Indian restaurants. What part of town would you prefer?
you're welcome, have a good day.
Hi! We have mexican, italian, indian, and restaurant-food restaurants that fit restaurant-name bill. Do you have any preferences?
Unfortunately there aren't any restaurants that fit your criteria. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
There are two restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurants, Cote in restaurant-name center and Restaurant Two Two in restaurant-name north. Do you want further information on either of these?
Sala Thong is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham. Their number is 01223 323178. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge Restaurant Phone System. Enjoy your meal!
I have three listings,one for british,indian,italian. Are any of those types of food you are looking for?
bloomsbury restaurant-name is an restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area area.
Enjoy your time!
Thank you and goodbye!
Do you have a preference as to food type? I found matches for British, Indian, Chinese, and Gastropub.
Golden wok is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
What part of town would you like to dine in?
There are two moderately priced Turkish restaurants and one restaurant-price range one, all in restaurant-area area.  Do you have a price range preference?
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is Italian, and Restaurant Alimentum is Modern European. Would you like information on either of them? 
We have nine. Do you have a preference as to cuisine or price range?
The phone number for Ask is 01223364917, restaurant-name one for Zizzi Cambridge is 01223365599. Is there anything else I can help with?
Which day would you like and restaurant-name time?
No restaurants matching your queries have been found. Would you like to search for another food type?
There are restaurant-name restaurants serving barbeque.
The restaurant-name hotel restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food, is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like their location? 
I would recommend Riverside Brasserie, located at  Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane.  Can I make a reservation for you?
There are restaurant-name restaurants anywhere in Cambridge that describe their cuisine as "unusual." Would you like to broaden your search criteria?
restaurant-name phone number is 01223 308681
I have two restaurant-food restaurants available.  is there a price range you would like to stay within?
I am sorry there are restaurant-name others in any other areas,could I check another price range?
We hope that you have a great time at restaurant-name Bistro.
There are thirty-three results. Would you like a specific type of food?
What kind of food are you looking for?
Have a wonderful day! Good bye!
restaurant-name phone number is 01223 312598 and postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people A.B
Sure.  Your reference number is MSV3UPS2.  You will likely need it.
Okay, you are welcome. Have a nice day!
Yes, it's expensive. Would that work for you?
There is a frankie and bennys located in restaurant-name south.
There are restaurant-name restaurants that match your request. Would you like to search for another food type or price range?
la raza serves restaurant-food food, is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like more information for them? 
chiquito restaurant-name bar serves restaurant-food food, in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town 
Your welcome. Have a great day.
There are restaurant-name restaurants that serve restaurant-food food in restaurant-name centre. Would you like to search a different area?
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway or Peking Restaurant would meet your needs. Would you like to make a reservation? 
I'm not finding any restaurants matching that description. Would you like to try searching a different area?
I'm sorry I do not find any restaurants meeting those requirements
You're welcome! Enjoy your meal!
Glad I could help today, is there anything else that I can resolve for you?
I apologize booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like me to try another restaurant? 
I show several restaurants in restaurant-name City Centre. If you could perhaps indicate what type of food you would like it would narrow my search further.
That is restaurant-name only restaurant-name serving North American food.
What area of town would you like?
You are welcome. Have a good day!
Sure, restaurant-name address is 183 East Road City Centre and restaurant-name postcode is cb11bg.
I found 21 restaurants available, do you have a type of food you would prefer?
Unfortunately, I was not able to book for that specific time and day. Can I try a different day or time for you? 
Sure restaurant-name Bloomsbury is located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street and their postcode and telephone number are cb23dt and 08719429180 respectively. Is there anything else you need?
There is Saigon City.  Would you like me to book a table for 2?
There are two moderately priced restaurants in restaurant-name South area. Would you like Italian or Modern European?
Here is restaurant-name information you asked for. phone is 01223 244955 and address is at restaurant-book people Barnwell Road Fen Ditton, C.B 5, restaurant-book people R.G. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Your table is reserved for restaurant-book time on Saturday. Your reference number is 3L2HYBCY.
It is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
There are restaurant-name records matching your request for an restaurant-price range restaurant-name serving Australian food. May I help you find a different restaurant? 
You're welcome, thank you for calling. Goodbye.
Sure! There are 15 restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name centre. Is there a certain type of food you're looking for?
Their number is 01223 244277 and they are located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Can I be of any further assistance?
Yes, it is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
Where are you located? I see two that might work but Id like to offer restaurant-name closest.
I have restaurant-name Yippee Noodle Bar that meets your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Ok. Would you like me to make a reservation at panahar?
How about The Oak Bistro? It serves British food.
Do you care what type of food?
I don't see any Basque restaurants.  Is there another type of food you might like?
riverside brasserie looks lovely. would you like a reservatioN?
The phone number is 01223 566388.
Yes, there are four other restaurants that meet your criteria. There is frankie and bennys, peking restaurant, taj tandoori, and restaurant-name good luck restaurant-food food takeaway.
I have restaurant-book people restaurant-price range Italian restaurants located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of restaurant-name city. Would you like to hear them?
it is at 21 - 24 Northampton Street
Bangkok city serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name centre. Do you want me to make a reservation?
I have many listings that fit,can I find out exactly what type of food you are looking for?
I'm sorry but I couldn't book you there. How about another restaurant?
It's all booked, your reference number is STQ9N9UV
Absolutely, restaurant-name is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way. Its phone number is 01223327908. Would you like anything else? 
In which area would you like to find a Kosher restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range?
You are welcome.  Enjoy your meal.  Bye.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen is a restaurant-name serving North American food and in restaurant-name Expensive price range. The phone number is 01223 312598 and restaurant-name address is Regent Street City Centre.
You're welcome, have a great day!
I managed to successfully book a table in restaurant-name rice house that is in restaurant-name centre. Your reservation number is ONC1AEJC.
There are restaurant-name restaurants serving Venetian food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like me to check another part of town?
No matching records were found. Can you be more specific?
Yes, you're booked for Saturday with reference number V54FG5X2. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help with anything else?
Saigon city serves Asian oriental food as is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
They serve Indian food.
I was able to book bedouin, reference number is 4ATMIYSC
Dojo Noodle Bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and their postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people R.Q. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
The restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food at 100 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like to make a booking?
Have a wonderful day, and enjoy your meal!
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FDLFKTZM.
golden wok is 01223350688, restaurant-name is 01223568988 and restaurant-name restaurant-name is 01223366552. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Restaurant Two Two's phone number is 01223 351880. How else may I assist you?
It is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range range for price. 
Have a great day. Thank you for using restaurant-name services
Yes I am sure. However, I do have a number of restaurants listed as serving European food. Would you like information on these?
Yes, I found what you're looking for. Would you like restaurant-name address?
What kind of food are you looking for and do you have a certain area you would like to visit?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another restaurant?
Nandos can be found at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street and can be reached at 01223 327908. Can I assist you with anything else? 
I found several.  Do you have a preference on location?  
There are restaurant-book people restaurant-price range restaurants that serves italian, which area are you looking for ?
We have many options! Did you have a specific price range?
The Mexican place is not open then, shall I try another place to dine?
There are restaurant-name restaurants that serve Swedish food in restaurant-name centre. What would you like to do?
Dojo Noodle Bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre
Thanh binh is a restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurant. 
I believe you meant 10:00, so I went ahead and made restaurant-name reservation for that time. The reference number is HRPLZ9AQ. 
There are 4.  Can I make a reservation at one of them?  Possibly Tang Chinese?
They are located at 88 Mill Road City Centre.
The booking for hk restaurant-food was unsuccessful. Would you like a different restaurant?
 There are several options available in restaurant-name town centre. Is there a particular cuisine that you would prefer? Asian, chinese, indian, italian, mediterranean, modern european, portuguese, or spanish?
There are three Chinese restaurants in restaurant-name north. Are you looking for a specific price range?
No problem.  Enjoy your meal on Friday.  Good bye.
You're welcome.
thank you good bye
Do you have a cuisine preference? 
Thank you. Have a great day!
Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge restaurant-name system. Please call again! Goodbye.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : MTBHNB92. Anything else?
There is one location that servies restaurant-area restaurant-food food. It is and restaurant-price range restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
There are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name area. 
restaurant-food hut cherry hinton is at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and phone number is 01223 323737.
The phone number for Ask is 01223 364917, and they are located at 12 Bridge Street City Centre.
Goodbye.
I'm sorry there is restaurant-name one serving restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range
Thank you, and enjoy your meal!
You are very welcome, thank you as well. Have a great day, and let me know if you need any more assistance. 
bangkok city restaurant-name is located at 24 green street city restaurant-area and its phone number is 01223 354382. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Please let us know if we can help any further. Have a great day.
There are a few of them.  Would you prefer restaurant-name restaurant-area of town or restaurant-name restaurant-area area?
There is one Vietnamese restaurant, but it's in restaurant-name West end of town. Would that work for you?
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton phone number is jesus lane fen ditton, is there anything else I can help you with?
what is restaurant-name price range you are looking for? 
Graffiti is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, would you like to book that?
The only other restaurant-price range restaurant-name in restaurant-name center of restaurant-name city is a Portuguese restaurant. Would you like me to book that for you.
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and serves moderately priced Italian food.
Do you have a food type preference? The choices are Chinese, Indian, Italian, and Mexican.
I'll be happy to do that for you. What day would you like restaurant-name table for?
Anything else I can do for you?
You're welcome! Goodbye!
Thank you for using our system!  Have a great day!
The address for restaurant-name restaurant-name is Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223363270.  You will fond restaurant-name restaurant-name in restaurant-name North area of town.
Meghna is an Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
You're very welcome. Have a good night. 
Thank you. Good bye 
The Cambridge lodge restaurant-name  is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
There are restaurant-book people in restaurant-name West. You might want to try Cocum on 71 Castle Street City Centre.
The restaurant-name serves European food. Their phone number is 01223363270. Anything else?
restaurant-name price is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range range and restaurant-name postcode is cb39ey.
Your welcome. Have a good day.
I have four restaurants matching your request, would you like to hear them all or narrow your request?
Yes, restaurant-name Royal Spice is located on Victoria Avenue Chesterton and on restaurant-name northern part of Cambridge.
What type of cuisine or price range would you prefer?
I have Anatolia and Efes Restaurant. Do you have a preference?
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
You're very welcome! Have a great time!
I show five that fit your criteria. May I restaurant-name restaurant-name location you are in? This would help refine our search.
Thank you for using our services. Have a great day.
There are several restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Do you have a preference for restaurant-name type of food or price range? 
You're welcome. Goodbye.
You are very welcome. Please let us know if you need anything else.
restaurant-name hotel restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 241387
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Yippee noodle bar is available if you would like to book that.
Was there anything else I could assist you with today? 
How about Curry garden? It looks great.
Restaurant One Seven serves British cuisine. Would you like me to book this for you?
Royal Spice's phone number is 01733 553355, and Da Vinci Pizzeria's is 01223 351707.
Unfortunately, I don't show anything available meeting those requirements. Can I try a different price range or type of cuisine for you?
I'm sorry, I wasn't able to get that reservation. Would you like to try somewhere else?
There are many to choose from,can I get what area you would like restaurant-name restaurant-name to be at to narrow it down?
I have Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton which is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and Frankie and Bennys which is in restaurant-name more restaurant-price range price range. Which would you prefer?
Frankie and Bennys is an Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Thank you.  Be sure to contact us whenever you need reservations.
The address for La Raza is restaurant-book people - restaurant-book people Rose Crescent.  Would you like their phone number?
Yes It is in restaurant-name same price range and area and your reservation number is G43TC012.
You're welcome, thank you for using this system. Goodbye.
I have 10 restaurants matching your request. Did you have a price range you would like?
I have 33 restaurants that meet that criteria. Is there a certain type of food you are looking for?
Your, welcome! Have a great day!
There are restaurant-book people restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Do you prefer restaurant-food or restaurant-food food? 
La Mimosa's address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton, phone number 01223362525.
No, I'm sorry. I can't book that. Would you like to try another resturant?
Hi! Sorry, there are restaurant-name Sri Lankan restaurants in restaurant-name area. Can I do anything else for you?
I can help you with that.  It looks like there aren't any restaurants like that in my database.  Can I help you find a different restaurant?
Chiquito restaurant-name bar is a nice restaurant-name that serves Mexican food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and is in restaurant-name South part of town.
I cannot locate a restaurant-price range Greek restaurant. Is there another one that you are interested in.
They are indeed. Is there anything else you need today?
May I recommend Bloomsbury Restaurant?  It serves wonderful International food.
It is not, but The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is a restaurant-food in restaurant-name center of town, and it is a restaurant-price range price range. Would you like to book it?
There is Ali Baba, that is lebanese. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
I'm sorry I was unable to do so. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Thank  you for using restaurant-name Cambridge restaurant-name system. Good bye. 
There are restaurant-name matching restaurants
I found two restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you prefer Chinese or Indian food?
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is restaurant-name only restaurant-food in all of Cambridge.
Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant-name in restaurant-name epensive price range.  It is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area area.
It is located at  Quayside Off Bridge street.  The phone number is is 01223 301030.
Thank you, enjoy your meal!
I'm sorry, there aren't any. Is there anything else you could prefer?
I'm sorry but i cannot find any Jamaican restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area .
How about The Missing Sock?  They serve restaurant-food food at Finders Corner Newmarket Road, postal code C.B 25, 9 A.Q .
thanh binh's phone number is 01223 362456
Yu Garden is a great, but expensive, Chinese restaurant. They are located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Restaurant Two Two is a French restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, but it is pricey.  Would you like more information? 
They are located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode C.B 5, restaurant-book people P.A, and phone number 01223 241387. How else may I assist you?
There are a great number of Chinese restaurants in town!  Is there a specific area you'd like me to check in, or do you have a price range in mind?
No, it is in restaurant-name centre.  City Stop restaurant-name is an restaurant-price range European restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area end.  Would you like a reservation there?
There are restaurant-name restaurant-price range Belgian restaurants. Would you like to change your query?
Is there anything else we can help you with today?
The Golden Wok is a Chinese restaurnt in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Or there's The Nirala, which serves Indian food.
Great! There are 33 such restaurants. What type of food would you like to eat?
Would you like anything else?
There are two restaurant-food restaurants, both of which are in restaurant-name town center. La raza is rated cheap, la tasca is rated moderately priced. Please choose one of those options.
There are two, Nandos City Centre as well as Nandos in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of restaurant-name city, do you have a preference?
de luca cucina and bar is a modern restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area
The Gardenia restaurant-name is a great choice. It is not expensive, and meets your other criteria. The address is restaurant-book people Rose Crescent City Centre
Thank you good bye.
The address is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 356555.
restaurant-name is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in restaurant-name centre. It is located at 30 restaurant-name street city restaurant-area and its phone number is 01223 362372. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
thank you, goodbye.
Cocum is located at 71 Castle Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 366668.   Their price range is expensive.  
They serve restaurant-food food .
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway can be reached at 01223244149. The Peking Restaurant can be reached at 01223354755. Is there anything else I can help with?
The address for which restaurant?
It is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like a reservation?
It is restaurant-food food.
Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
The Golden Wok is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Can I be of further assistance? 
restaurant-name restaurants serving Scottish food
The postcode for dojo noodle bar is C.B. restaurant-book people restaurant-book people D.Y
How about Anatolia? It serves Turkish food and it is in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
The address is 21-24 northampton Street and restaurant-name post code is cb30ad.
you're in luck I have two options for you. One is in restaurant-name cheaper price range, restaurant-name other is listed as moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
Thank you. Goodbye!
I'm sorry, I don't see any moderately priced sri lankan restaurants. Would you like to try another sort of cuisine?
Do you have a certain price range you would like?
I'm sorry. I didn't find any matches. 
Yes, I can. How many seats do you need?
Nandos is a Portuguese restaurant, it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, and it is on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town. The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 327908.
Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge TownInfo service, and have a wonderful day!
Do you have an area of town or type of cuisine in mind?
Jinling Noodle Bar will meet your needs. Would you like to make a reservation? 
We have restaurant-book people locations that match your criteria. What area of town would you like it in?
There are several restaurants serving restaurant-food food.  Would you prefer one in restaurant-name restaurant-area or restaurant-area part of town? 
There are two restaurant-food restaurants listed. Do you have a preference of area? Centre or restaurant-area part of town? 
You're welcome.  Have a great day! Goodbye.
That time is not available.Would you like a different time ?
Yes there are 4. When would you like me to reserve restaurant-name table for you?
Yes. da vinci pizzeria restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like more information for them? 
They serve restaurant-food food and their phone number is 01223 812660.
There are three restaurant-food restaurants.  Would you prefer one in restaurant-name restaurant-price range or restaurant-price range price range? 
Sadly there are restaurant-name restaurants anywhere in Cambridge that describe their food as "creative." We do have many restaurants in town, though, so I'd be happy to look for something else.
Their address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and phone 01223 566388.
There are 69 restaurants in restaurant-name centre. Would you like to narrow it down by type of food or price?
Thanh Binh's phone number is 01223 362456, their postcode is C.B 3, 0 A.F
la raza is a restaurant-food restaurant, in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
The Golden Wok's phone number is 01223 350688 and they are located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge restaurant-name system, please call again.
I found Thanh Binh in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
there are restaurant-name matches for that search
The Gardenia is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area at postcode C.B 2, restaurant-book people L.L and can be reached at 01223 356354. Can I get anything else for you? 
The address for Saigon City is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 356555.
The restaurant-name is called meghna. The postcode is cb43lf, restaurant-name address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Anything else?
I have reservations booked for restaurant-book time on Wednesday for restaurant-book people ppeople. The reference number is PJMAUG2E. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Thank you for calling us today.
There are many restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Is there any particular type of food you desire?
Okay, please let me know if you need anything else.
The Missing Sock is restaurant-name only restaurant-price range restaurant-name in restaurant-name east. Can you perhaps do another time?
Restaurant one seven serves British food in restaurant-name restaurant-area area at restaurant-price range prices. Would you like to book there?
Booked at ugly duckling. Reference number: EQFGNMFY. Table will be held for 15 minutes.
There are quite a few moderately priced restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Do you have a food type preference?
The golden house is a restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name center area. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
No, restaurant-name Cocum is located on restaurant-name West part of town. Would you like me to find an Indian restaurant-name on restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town?
Yes, dojo noodle bar is a restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Their address is free school lane city centre, would you like me to book that for you?
I have found restaurant-book people that fit that description. Is there a particular area you would like?
There are three Italian restaurants in restaurant-name center in restaurant-name restaurant-price range range. They are restaurant-food hut city centre, ask, and zizzi Cambridge. Which do you prefer?
Their phone number is 01223 400170.
There are three restaurants that serve Chinese food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like me to list them?
There are many restaurants in restaurant-name North that match your description, what type of cuisine are you interested in?
I personally recommend Eraina. Would you like a table booked?
The address is 100 Mill Road City Centre.
Sorry no, there are restaurant-name Mexican restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would you like to check another area?
Yes, there are restaurant-book people options.  Does restaurant-name part of town matter?
You have your choice of Anatolia or Efes restaurant. 
Charlie Chan looks great. Need a reservation?
There are three restaurants that serve Chinese food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. What price range would you like?
I have five eateries that are British in that price range, do you have a preference of area?
Curry Prince is moderately priced and in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Alternatively, so is Rajmahal.
Thanh binh is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like their information? 
There are nine restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area area. Is there a price range you would like in particular?
OK, I have 15 options for you, in many cuisines. Do you have a cuisine preference, or would you like me to recommend a restaurant?
I was able to book The Ghandi, reference number is 6GPZKTWV
enjoy your meal?
I've found one restaurant. It is Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Booked at hk fusion. Reference number: O00TTIOS. Table will be held for 15 minutes.
I'm sorry we do not have any Cuban restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.   Would you like a different food type?
The phone number for Kymmoy is 01223 311911.   Would you like any additional information?   
What day and time are you looking for? How many people will be in your party?
Those are restaurant-name only listings in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like to change your location or price range?
Jinling Noodle Bar's number is 01223 566188.  Would you like restaurant-name address?
Certainly. The Grafton Hotel restaurant-name is at 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and restaurant-name number there is 01223 241387. Can I be of further assistance? 
How about restaurant-name Royal Standard at 290 Mill Road City Centre?
I have booked you at restaurant-name Oak Bistro for restaurant-book people people on restaurant-book day at 11:45, your reference number is 2CG1XX8Q.  Is there anytihng else that I can assist with?
There are 10 entries here. I recommend restaurant-name chan.
Ali Baba is located at 59 Hills Road City Centre and restaurant-name phone number is 01462 432565.
I have listings for two. What price range are you looking for?
Nandos is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area area. Address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and phone number is 01223 327908.
Not a problem. Have a good day and contact us again if you need anything else. 
I have 3, restaurant-name chan, rice house or golden house. Would you like me to book one for you today?
There are two restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area area and one in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Do you have a preference?
I highly recommend Meghna. It is a restaurant-price range priced restaurant-food restaurant-name located on 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Would you like me to book it?
Thank you for calling, enjoy your meal! Goodbye.
The oak restaurant-food is fully booked. Do you want me to try another restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area serving restaurant-price range British food?
I'm sorry, I don't have anything matching that description. Would you be willing to expand your area to see what we can find?
There is Taj Tandoori. Would you like restaurant-name information?
I have booked a reservation for you at restaurant-name Lan Hong House. Your reference number is BMU049L6. DO you need anything else?
Yes, there is a Vietnamese restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area called Thanh Binh.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CORC123E.
There are several Indian restaurants to choose from. What area of town would you like?
Awesome, thank you for spending time in Cambridge.
what price range do you prefer ?
There are restaurant-name Thai restaurants. There are three Indian restaurants called Kohinoor, restaurant-name Gandhi, and mahal of Cambridge. Which one do you prefer?
Cotto's phone number is 01223302010. Is there anything I can help you with? 
It is expensive.
Alright. Sounds good. I look forward to your call.
Curry prince is an restaurant-food restaurant, in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in restaurant-name east. Do you want restaurant-name address and phone number?
The phone number is 01799 521260, Is there anything else I can help you with? 
I can recommend restaurant-book people restaurants serving French cuisine:  Cote, located at Bridge Street City Centre C.b2, restaurant-book people U.F, phone number 01223 311053 or restaurant-name two two located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton, C.B 4, restaurant-book people A.X, phone number 01223 351880 
restaurant-name city restaurant-area serves restaurant-food food.  They are in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town and are in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
la mimosa is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name in restaurant-name city restaurant-area that serves restaurant-food food.
Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.  Would you also like restaurant-name phone number?
I have restaurant-book people different Indian food restaurants available. Might I suggest Curry Queen. It is restaurant-name most highly rated in restaurant-name area. 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FFAIB546.  Can I be of any other assistance today?
Sure! Their address is 2G cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road, and their phone number is 01223400170
Of course! There are 21 such restaurants available. Do you have a preference for restaurant-name type of food?
That worked out for you! Your reference number is IHQK49W4.
restaurant-name phone number of it is 01223 351880.
Yes, I've successfully booked your reservation for 15:00. Anything else?
How about Taj Tandoori? It is an restaurant-price range Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area side. 
The address for restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurant-name Thanh Binh is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 362456.
Ask is at 12 Bridge Street City Centre and can be reached at 01223 364917. Can I help you anything else today? 
Yes. what type of food do you want ?
Sure, that's a great restaurant-price range Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. What information do you need? 
Peking restaurant-name serves Chinese food, it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, and it is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like restaurant-name address and phone number?
Panahar is an Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. It is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like to book a table there?
There are six restaurants matching your query. One of them is travellers rest.
Okay, I was able to find restaurant-book people restaurants for your preference. I have jinling noodle bar, Ian hong house, and shanghai family restaurant... is there any preference on one of these?
Sure what type of food are you wanting?
You're welcome, enjoy your food.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy your meal.
ali baba serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name town restaurant-area at a restaurant-price range price range. Would you like to make a booking?
There are two restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you prefer restaurant-food or indian?
Cotto is a moderately priced restaurant-name in restaurant-name city restaurant-area that serves British food. Would you like restaurant-name phone number?
Thank you for calling and have a great day.
Sure, do you want to eat at a specific location or have a type of food you like?
The Yippee Noodle Bar doesn't have a table available at that time. Would you like to try another?
There are a total of 15 different restaurant-price range restaurants located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Is there a particular type of food you are wanting?
You're very welcome. Enjoy your dinner!
OK. Good bye.
Of course, restaurant-name reference number is JP761RJS.
Hmm.  I'm not able to book at that time.  Would you like to try another time or day?
No restaurants serving restaurant-food food have been found.
I am sorry there are restaurant-name restaurants that serve Swedish food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range range.  Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
Sure, we have yippee noodle bar in restaurant-name town centre. Shall I book a table?
There are a number of restaurants that serve restaurant-food food, can you narrow down restaurant-name area or price range?
Enjoy your visit and do not hesitate to call if you need any more assistance.
The Ugly Duckling restaurant-name is an restaurant-price range Chinese restaurant-name near restaurant-name center of town. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
It is listed in restaurant-name restaurant-price range range.   Would you like to book a reservation?
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant serves European food. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, we have two Italian restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area area.  Would you prefer restaurant-name moderately priced or restaurant-name restaurant-price range one?
On restaurant-name restaurant-area end, in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, we have Mexican, Italian, Indian, and Chinese foods to choose from. Do any of these sound good?
No restaurant-name matching your description have been found.
The Cocum serves Indian food.
Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I have that reserved, restaurant-name reference code is MLZZDYT5.
I have to restaurant-name that meats those requirements they serve restaurant-food food.
I was unable to book at 14:45, can I try another time for you?
Ok I have a table for three booked at restaurant-book time at Curry Prince. It is in restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town. Your reference number is L8GT5J3I.
I have restaurant-book people restaurant-food restaurants to choose from. I have options in restaurant-name centre, restaurant-area and west. Which would you prefer to dine in? 
There are restaurant-name restaurants available that serve restaurant-food food. Are there any other restaurants you would like to try?
There are several restaurants serving restaurant-food food.  Would you prefer restaurant-name restaurant-area or restaurant-area part of town? 
There are restaurant-name Persian restaurants listed. Is there something else I can search for?
I'm sorry, but I cannot find any restaurant-price range Lebanese restaurants.
Sorry, looks like there aren't any restaurant-food restaurants that are expensive. Would you like something else?
I was not able to book you a table for this time. Would you like to try a different day or time?
There are three restaurants serving Turkish food in restaurant-name center of town. What price range would you like?
Golden Wok is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant-name in restaurant-name North part of Cambridge. Would you like more information?
There are five restaurants that are in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. What type of food would you like?
You're welcome. Thank you so much for calling us today.
Sure! I actually have two restaurants listed in both restaurant-name southern and center points of town that serve Portuguese food. Are you interested in one of these?
You are welcome
The address for restaurant-name is 21 - 24 Northampton Road. Is there anything else i can help you with?
I have found  one, Can I make a booking for you?
You're welcome
You are very welcome.  Goodbye.
bloomsbury restaurant-name is in restaurant-name restaurant-area and serving restaurant-food food and it is a restaurant-price range price is there anything I can help you with?
It's my pleasure. Goodbye!
Thanks for using our helpline. Hope you have a great day. 
nothing is matching your request. I'm sorry. 
Is there a particular price range that you would prefer?
The postcode of restaurant-name hotel restaurant-name is C.B 2, restaurant-book people U.J.
Thank you for calling restaurant-name Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
There are two restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area area, Pizza Hut cherry hinton and Restaurant Alimentum which serves modern European. Would you like more information?
I did not find any restaurants with that criteria. Do you want to change restaurant-name area?
Booking was unsuccessful, want to try another restaurant??
How about Erania. It's a European resturant at Free School Lane City Centre.  
yu garden restaurant-food restaurant-area restaurant-price range 01223 248882 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton C.B 5, restaurant-book people P.A
Okay. Glad I could help. Enjoy your dining experience.
Graffiti is located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, and you can phone them at 01223 277977. Do you need additional information?
Prezzo is an Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name west. Their phone number is 01799521260. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
There are six restaurants, one in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and restaurant-name rest in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Which one would you prefer? 
You're welcome. good bye!
There are a total of 14 different restaurant-price range Indian restaurants located throughout restaurant-name city. Is there a particular area of town you would like to eat in?
I have one, Gourmet Burger Kitchen. 
The address and phone for restaurant-name Rajmahal is restaurant-book people Barnwell Road Fen Ditton cb58rg, 01223244955. Enjoy our city.
Charlie Chan's phone number is 01223 361763 and restaurant-name address is Regent Street City Centre. May I help you with anything else?
The Lucky Star is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Their phone number is 01223 244277.
City Stop Restaurant is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name on restaurant-name North side of town.
The missing sock is a restaurant-price range restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like their location? 
La mimosa serves Mediterranean food. Their phone number is 01223 362525, their address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton and their postcode is C.B 5, restaurant-book people A.Q.
We have four Asian oriental restaurants in centre.  What price range do you prefer?
There are two restaurants available restaurant-name Indian restaurant-name Meghna and restaurant-name Italian restaurant-name Prezzo restaurant-book people people at restaurant-book time on Wednesday. Which one do you prefer?
How about Bedouin? It's an restaurant-price range African restaurant-name in restaurant-name centre, postcode cb12bd. Is there any other information you need?
There is Royal Spice if you like Indian and Da Vinci Pizzeria if you like Italian.  Would you like more info on either of those?
There aren't any restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like to expand restaurant-name search?
Your reservations are complete at restaurant-name Backstreet Bistro. Your reference number is 7H01DZW5.
Booking was successful for 19:00. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : BL1DL1ZO.  Can I do anything else for you?
it is located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton and you can reach them at 01223 362525 .
Prezzo is at 21-24 Northampton Road, and can be reached at 01799 521260. Can I be of further assistance? 
I like restaurant-name Lan Hong House. It's moderately prices, but good. Should I book a reservation?
I was able to book you at restaurant-name oak bistro. your reference number is 11WH7X3K. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What price range and area would you like?
Da Vinci Pizzeria is at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, and their phone number is 01223 351707.
chiquito restaurant-name bar is an restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area area.
I'm sorry there are restaurant-name bbq places in restaurant-name city, Is there another type of food you would be interested in?
Okay enjoy your lunch and thank you for calling.
Yes, there are restaurant-book people restaurant-price range restaurants serving restaurant-food food. Which area would you like? 
There are two restaurants that fulfill your inquiry, Cote in restaurant-name Center and Restaurant Two Two in restaurant-name north. Would you like more information on either?
I'm sorry, but they have restaurant-name openings at that time. Care to try a different day or perhaps a different time?
The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
enjoy your meal, goodbye.
There are three restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurants and one moderately priced gastropub. Do you have a preference?
I'd be happy to make your reservation. First I will need to know restaurant-name day/time you're looking for and how many are in your party.
your welcome. thank you for calling
There are 33 restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area that are in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. What type of food would you like?
There are several restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Do you prefer restaurant-food , indian, italian, or chinese?
da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 milton road chesterton and they can be reached at 01223 351707
There are over 33 restaurants that meet your criteria. May I interest you in African cuisine since you originally asked for North African restaurant? 
Yes, I reserved that table for you.  Reference number 196SQORA.  Can I be of further assistance?
Reservation made. The reference number is FIQY6RR9.
Okay, I have booked you at Pizza Express with reference number NK86VOJY. May I help with anything else?
We have 22 inexpensive restaurants. What sort of cuisine would you like?
The Gardenia is a restaurant-price range restaurant-name that serves Mediterranean food. Is restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town okay for you?
jinling noodle bar is in restaurant-name restaurant-area abd serves restaurant-food food
Have a great day
There are restaurant-book people restaurants in restaurant-name South part of town that serve Chinese food. Would you like more information on one of them?
restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. is there anything else I can help you with? 
They serve Portuguese food. 
You're welcome. Be sure to call us again if you need anything.
Golden Wok is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, and is moderately priced.  It serves Chinese food.
OK. Would you like me to check for a different type of cuisine?
We have restaurant-book people matching your request in restaurant-name East part of town. Do you prefer Indian or Italian?
Thank you, you have a good day too.
golden wok's number is 01223 350688
You are booked for Sunday at 16:45. Your reference number is 2W56MF47. May I help you with something else?
Unfortunately, I don't happen to have a listing that matches your request. Would you like me to try a different price range or cuisine style?
Yes,  It's 01223462354.  What else can I help you with?
Little Seoul serves Korean food. It's an restaurant-price range restaurant-name that is located in restaurant-name city centre. 
I am sorry this time is not available. Another restaurant-name perhaps?
Their address is restaurant-book people Kings Parade.
Hakka is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Their address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton, postal code C.B 4, restaurant-book people E.H. What else can I do for you?
restaurant-name phone number is 01223353110 and restaurant-name address is 21-24 Northampton Street, is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, good bye.
There is a Korean restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range in restaurant-name restaurant-area area of town. Would you like their information?
You as well. Thanks for using restaurant-name service!
Chiquito restaurant-name bar is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and their phone number is 01223 400170.
bangkok city's address is 24 Green Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 354382
Cote is an restaurant-price range French restaurant-name in restaurant-name center of town. Would you like a table there, or possibly their address?
Chiquito Restaurant Bar serves restaurant-price range Mexican food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like more info?
Can I assist you with anything else today?
How about restaurant-name Dojo Noodle Bar? They serve Asian Oriental.
la restaurant-name is an restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like their location? 
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Yes, it's 01223323737. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you for using our system!   Have a great day!
Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
There is la tasca. They are located at 14 -16 Bridge Street. Would you like to book it?
I have two restaurants available, do you prefer Italian or Indian food? 
bangkok city is restaurant-name only result and it is expensive.
Glad to help.  Have a great day and enjoy your meal.  Good bye.
there are 17 restaurant-food restaurants, do you prefer any price range or any area in town? 
There are several restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like something in restaurant-name expensive, restaurant-price range or restaurant-price range price range? 
There are five Italian restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Four have restaurant-food in their names and then there is Prezzo.
I'm afraid there aren't any Sri Lankan restaurants in town at all. Is there something else I can search for you? 
Certainly, there are several restaurant-price range Italian restaurants. Would you prefer restaurant-name restaurant-area or restaurant-area of town? 
I have 4. How about hk fusion?
Thank yo and good bye.
I recommend Ask. Do you want me to book it for you? What day and time do you want to eat?
How about restaurant-food cuisine?  It is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name located at 52 Mill Road in Centre.
Their address is 14 -16 Bridge Street in restaurant-name Centre area. Their phone number is 01223 464630. Can I help with anything else?
La Tasca's phone number is 01223 464630.
I do not have any restaurants meeting that description. Would you like to try a different type of food?
Caffe Uno is located in restaurant-name city centre.
Frankie and Bennys serves Italian food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome. Enjoy your meal at Tang Chinese.  Good Bye.
I see that out of restaurant-name five restaurants, four are able to accommodate your reservation. Would you prefer Chinese, Italian, Indian or Mexican cuisine?
The postcode for The Lucky Star is C.B. restaurant-book people restaurant-book people D.Y
Unfortunately there are restaurant-name Persian restaurants in restaurant-name city. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Thank you very much
Do you have any preference on restaurant-name cost?
restaurant-name city restaurant-area is at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. 
How about Fitzbillies restaurant? It's also an restaurant-price range British restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of restaurant-name city
There are restaurant-book people restaurants. Eraina, Michaelhouse cafe, hotel du vin and bistro, galleria, de luca cucina and bar, riverside brasserie, darrys cookhouse and wine shop, restaurant-name river bar restaurant-food and grill
Chiquito Restaurant Bar serves Mexican food.  It's an restaurant-price range restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
The phone number for restaurant-food hut cherry hinton is 01223 323737 and they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
restaurant-name and restaurant-name restaurant-name are moderately priced, while meze bar restaurant-name is expensive.
Of course, how about sala thong? It is a restaurant-food restraunt in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
there is restaurant-name chan in city restaurant-area
There is saint johns chop house with restaurant-price range pricing in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
I don't see any Indonesian restaurants at all.  Would you like me to look for a different type of restaurant-name in restaurant-name east?
The City Stop restaurant-name is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. The Golden Wok is also located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
The first restaurant-name is restaurant-name hotel du vin and bistro. Then there is restaurant-name galleria, restaurant-name alimentum, de luca cucina and bar, and riverside brasserie.  Which one would you prefer?
What area of town are you looking for?
Meghna is located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton and their number is 01223 727410. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you!  Goodbye.
My pleasure. Thanks for using restaurant-name Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a fantastic day!
There are restaurant-name tables available at restaurant-name time requested.  Would you like to try another time or day?
Bangkok city is an restaurant-price range Thai restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.  
Da vinci pizzeria serves Italian food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and it is in restaurant-name North part of town.
Curry Prince is an Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name East part of town.
Do you have a food type preference? 
For restaurant-food food, there is Nandos in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town or Nandos City Centre. Would you like restaurant-name contact information for either of those?
Unfortunately, there are restaurant-name Kosher restaurants anywhere in restaurant-name city. Can I help you find something else? 
The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try a different location?
The address for Galleria is 33 Bridge Street and restaurant-name postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people U.W. Can I help you with anything else?
You are welcome.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes. Would you like to book a table?
Thank You and come again.
You're very welcome. Good day.
I've found a Chinese restaurant-name and an Indian restaurant. Which one do you prefer?
It is an restaurant-price range British restaurant-name on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town. Would you like restaurant-name address?
There are two moderately priced restaurants in restaurant-name south. Would you prefer Italian or Modern European? 
Thank you very much. Have a great day.
Would you prefer British, Indian, or Italian food?
Yu Garden is a Chinese restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Grafton Hotel Restaurant serves British food, it is on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town, and it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like restaurant-name phone number?
I apologize, there are restaurant-name restaurants that serve restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like to try a different part of town?
Yes, Chiquito Restaurant Bar is a nice restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
That time slot is not available, would you like to try another time.
Goodbye, have a wonderful day!
It's a restaurant-food restaurant, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223355909. May I help with anything else?
You're very welcome. Have a good meal!
Booked at la margherita! Your reference number is NG7AU0Y2. Your table will be held for 15 minutes.
There are two restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range range on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town. Would you prefer restaurant-food or italian?
I'm sorry, there are Russian restaurants. Do you have a secondary choice?
what area are you looking for?
There are restaurant-name restaurants matching your requests.  Would you care for a different restaurant? 
Your table is reserved and restaurant-name reference number is TN3210RT. Will there be anything else?
Unable to book at that time.Would you like a different restaurant-name ?
I'm afraid they're fully booked for restaurant-book time Sunday. Perhaps a different time or day?
How does Charlie Chan's sound?
The booking was unsuccessful, do you have another preference? 
Reference number is : WK5JKOHN. Need anything else?

You're more than welcome!
Galleria serves restaurant-food food and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
There are three restaurants serving restaurant-food food. What price range would you like?
Great! Here is restaurant-name address, 34 - 35 Green Street. 
Sorry, there are restaurant-name moderately priced restaurant-food restaurants. Can I help you find something else instead?
There are 15 such restaurants. How about restaurant-name J Restaurant? It also serves restaurant-food oriental food. Would that work?
Golden wok serves Chinese food, is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of restaurant-name city and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
La Margherita is in restaurant-name west, cheaply priced, located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, and can be reached at 01223315232.
The phone number for la mimosa is 01223 362525 and they are located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton.  restaurant-name postcode is C.B 5, restaurant-book people A.Q.  would you like anything else today? 
I'm sorry. There are restaurant-name restaurants that serve restaurant-food food in your area.
Is there a price range or type of food that you would prefer?
Little Seoul is at 108 Regent Street City Centre and is an restaurant-price range restaurant.  Do you want restaurant-name phone number?
I was unable to book a reservation at that time. Would you like to try another time?
Cotto is very good.  Can I reserve a table for you?
You're welcome.  Good bye.
Certainly. The number is 01223 352500. Can I assist you any further? 
golden wok is  a moderately priced restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is phone number is 01223 323737.
there is restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name north. Do you want to try something else ?
Little Seoul is exactly what you're looking for!
Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
Unfortunately, there are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants available. Is there a second food option you would like to try?
Zizzi Cambridge in restaurant-name restaurant-area of restaurant-name city. They are located at 47-53 Regent Street and their phone number is 01223 365599. 
The Gardenia is located at 	 restaurant-book people Rose Crescent City Centre and their phone number is 01223 356354.
How about restaurant-name ghandi?
golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton and its phone number is 01223350688. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Yes, I also have restaurant-name Restaurant Alimentum that serves modern restaurant-food food. Would that work for you?
Of course! You're booked with reference number CSL3V245. May I help with anything else?
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to find another restaurant?
What area of town are you looking at?
goodbye
Do you have any particular food type in mind ?
This is a restaurant-price range one.
It does not appear there are any restaurants serving restaurant-food food
Prezzo is an Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, their phone number is 01799 521260.
The address and postcode for Curry Prince is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, cb58jj. Is there anything else I can do for you?
How about Cote, which is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and serves French food?
Sala Thong is an restaurant-price range Thai restaurant-name on restaurant-name restaurant-area side. Would you like to book there?
The Curry Queen is located at restaurant-book people Jordans Yard Bridge Street City Centre, and restaurant-name postcode is cb21ug, would you like me to book this restaurant?
thank you goodbye
There is la raza, a restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurant-name located at restaurant-book people - restaurant-book people Rose Crescent. There is also la tasca, a moderately priced restaurant-food restaurant-name located at 14 -16 Bridge Street.
There is restaurant-name alimentum which is a modern restaurant-food restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Nandos' address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and their phone number is 01223 327908.
Their address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223 351707.  Can I help you with anything else today? 
I'm sorry, we were not able to book a table at that restaurant. Would you like me to find another restaurant?
I'm sorry but restaurant-name booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like to try another restaurant?
restaurant-name hotel restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area area.
I'm sorry, but there are restaurant-name restaurants in restaurant-name center of town that offer restaurant-food food. Would you like me to check another area?
I have restaurant-name restaurant-food in restaurant-name restaurant-area area, but The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area area.
chiquito restaurant-name bar is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and can be reached at 01223 400170.
My apologies. The postcode is C.B 1, restaurant-book people D.Y. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo Centre.
Curry Prince is at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
There are restaurant-name restaurants that seve Christmas food.
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is expensive. Their phone number is 01223 400170. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok, I hope you enjoy your meal.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 362456.
There are 11 restaurant-food restaurants, do you have any preferences on location or price range?
What area would you like to dine in?
Caffe Uno is located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 448620.
There are restaurant-book people restaurant-price range Indian restaurants available in restaurant-name west. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Okay thank you
I'm sorry, restaurant-name Ugly Duckling does not have any phone number listed but is located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre.
golden wok is in restaurant-name restaurant-area area, its phone number is 01223 350688. Their address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton
Hello, I have a bunch of options for you. Do you have a specific area or price range you are interested in?
I am sorry, I can't find any restaurant-food restaurant. Do you prefer any other type of food? 
I would recommend Papadoux they are very restaurant-price range and right in restaurant-name center of town
The phone number is 01223 360966.
In what part of town?
There are restaurant-name restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurants. Can I help you find something else?
Nandos is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Kymmoy is also in restaurant-name centre. It is an restaurant-price range Asian restaurant. Would you like me to book this one for you?
You're welcome. Have a good day, goodbye.
Cambridge lodge restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food. Their phone number is 01223 355166.  Can I help you with anything else? 
The river bar is located at Quayside Off Bridge Street. The postcode is C.B 5, restaurant-book people A.Q.
Good bye to you, let us know if you need us again. 
Great! Enjoy your meal! Goodbye! 
Okay I booked you at restaurant-name Tandoori Palace and your reference number is NBLD7E0V.
Booking was a success. It'll be at restaurant-name and restaurant-name reference number is X651IF9F.
Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant. 
saint johns chop house ?
restaurant-name hotel restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food, is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Their phone number is 01223 241387
I have restaurant-book people Indian restaurants showing for restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. They are Curry Prince, Pipasha Resteraunt, Rajmahal, and Sitar Tandoori.
I found a listing for restaurant-name Slug and Lettuce.  The address is 34 - 35 Green Street in restaurant-name center of town.  It serves restaurant-food food. 
There is restaurant-name nirala, which serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town
welcome again next time. enjoy our services
Chiquito restaurant-name bar is at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.  Do you need restaurant-name phone number?
which price range are you looking for? 
If you like restaurant-food food, I can check restaurant-name Yippee Noodle bar which is in restaurant-name same area and restaurant-name same price range.
I have one restaurant-name called saigon city on 169 high street chesterton chesterton. Would you like me to book for you?
Fitzbillies restaurant's number is 01223 352500.  Would you like restaurant-name address as well?
Shiraz Restaurant is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name serving restaurant-food food and is restaurant-name city centre.
I have you at J restaurant, 16:15, reference number is : ENOZR5HA. Anything else?
I have two great choices for you. La Mimosa and restaurant-name Shiraz Restaurant. Can I offer you more information on one of these two? 
I have a listing for la tasca in restaurant-name restaurant-area area,can I book you a table there?
Yes there is availability. I made a reservation for Thursday at restaurant-book time for 2. The reference number is CBZ1WPRF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Gourmet Burger Kitchen serves North American food, is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, and is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like restaurant-name phone number?
Your welcome good bye
I'm not finding any restaurants that match your request. Would you like to try a different price range or food type?
The phone number for Meghna is 01223727410. It is located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton
All right, sir, restaurant-name Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar has restaurant-food food and it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Saigon City is also in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town. They have restaurant-food oriental cuisine. Shall we try there?
I show up to fifteen possibilities. Will you tell me your food preference? This will limit our search slightly.
There is Restaurant Two Two in restaurant-name restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town that serves French Food.
Alright. I hope you have a wonderful day!
restaurant-name one seven is a restaurant-name meeting your preferences. There are restaurant-book people others that also meet your preferences.
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants listed in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like to try something else? 
I have located tang chinese, it is in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.  Would you like me to book you?
michaelhouse cafe is a nice place and restaurant-name only option available.
Thank you, let us know if you need any thing else. Bye. 
Nandos serves Portuguese food. Will there be anything else I can help you with today?
Riverside brasserie looks good. Would you like a reservation?
Da Vinci Pizzeria, which is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, is at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 351707.
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is a moderately priced Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town, and Restaurant Alimentum is a moderately priced modern restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
Would you like to book a reservation at Pizza Express?
There are restaurant-name restaurants serving Christmas food. 
The Varisty restaurant, a Centre location is at 35 Sanit Andrews street city restaurant-area with a phone number of 01223 356060.
frankie and bennys address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Their phone number is 01223 412430
I am sorry there are restaurant-name tables available,can I help you find another place to eat?
Okay, thank you for calling restaurant-name Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I'm glad to have been of help. Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I have La Margherita that is a cheaper restaurant-food restaurant. It's located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre. Did you need any help booking a table?
The only other option is restaurant-name alimentum. Their phone number is 01223 413000, their address is 152 - 154 Hills Road and their postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people P.B.
Thank you very much for using restaurant-name Cambridge Restaurant System.
All right, your table is reserved. The reference number is GVNN1K5V. 
I can make a reservation at Saigon City for restaurant-book people people on Monday evening. The reference number is ECKX7YSF. Is there anything else I can do for you?
your welcome good bye
I was able to make a reservation for restaurant-book people at restaurant-name royal standard. Your reference number is: FZP2XK9Q. Do you need anything else today?
Sure! Their phone number is 01223244955 and postcode is cb58rg. Is there anything else I can help with?
I am sorry there are restaurant-name listings, would there be another area I can search for you?
Graffiti is a British restaurant-name on Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Would you like more information or a reservation?
Thank you have a great day.
There are restaurant-name restaurants matching your request.  Would you like to find another restaurant? 
chiquito restaurant-name bar serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in south. it is located at 2G cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Rajmahal is a moderately priced Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like more information?
The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and features a modern European menu.
Are you looking to dine in a particular area?
Thank you for using our system. Would you like anything else? 
There is one restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town called restaurant-name hotel restaurant. Would you like restaurant-name phone number?
The phone number for gourmet burger kitchen is 01223 312598.
Travellers rest is amazing. would you like a reservation?
Awesome. Have a good day!
Meghna is a nice restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Yes. Thank you very much!
Good news! Your reservation has been booked for Sunday at restaurant-book time for restaurant-book people people. The reference number is YJ0B5W19. Is there anything else I can help you with?
We have just about anything you can think of, from Loch Fyne's restaurant-food to Bedouin's African.
There are 9 available. What price range do you prefer?
We have two in that area. There is "peking restaurant" and "the good luck restaurant-food food takeaway". Would you like to book a table at one of these options?
I have you booked for restaurant-book people at little seoul on restaurant-book day at 10:15. Here is restaurant-name reference number for your booking: KAHFBHYI.
I'm sorry, I have not found anything for that time yet.  Can you choose another day or time please?  Are you sure you don't have a preference for food type?
Sala Thong is an restaurant-price range Thai restaurant-name in restaurant-name west. Would you like their information? 
Enjoy your meal.  Goodbye.
I couldn't find a restaurant-name with restaurant-name attributes you are looking for. Would you like something else?
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Unfortunately, I don't happen to show any restaurants specializing in restaurant-food food. Can I try looking for another type of restaurant-name for you? 
The address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, restaurant-name postcode is C.B 5, restaurant-book people P.A and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 248882.
I have booked a table at restaurant-name African restaurant-name for restaurant-book people people at restaurant-book time tuesday. Your reference number is VAZCWIS6. May I help with anything else?
I was able to book a table of restaurant-book people for restaurant-book time at Taj Tandoori on Sunday. Your reference number is HJZCPH80, your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Their address is 71 Castle Street City Centre, their phone number is 01223 366668.
There are several options available. Would you be willing to give me more information on what kind of food you are looking for?
Booked at Charlie Chan! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is YGWCXMK4.
I apologize I am still not showing any restaurants that meet your criteria.  Is there another type of cuisine you would prefer?
Have a good day
There are a number of European options in restaurant-name town centre. Do you have a price range?
There are several restaurant-price range restaurants located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Your welcome. Goodbye.
City Stop Restaurant is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, and it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. 
I am sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurants that meet that criteria. Can I help with anything else?
Loch Fyne is a restaurant-name in restaurant-name city restaurant-area that serves seafood. Would you like more information?
Rice Boat is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Can I help you with something else?
I was unable to find you a table at that time. Is there another time that would work for you?
Okay, there are 21 options. Would you like to choose a cuisine to narrow down restaurant-name choices?
Their phone number is 01223 368786.  May I help you with anything else? 
Saigon city serves restaurant-food oriental food and is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like their location? 
Frankie and Bennys is an restaurant-price range Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Sure! What type of food are you looking for and in what area of town?
Your booking was successful. Your booking number was 13HISQU8. Can I assist you with anything else today?
The phone number for Restaurant Alimentum is 01223 413000 and restaurant-name address is 152 - 154 Hills Road.  Anything else I can help you find today?
Have a great day.
OK, I will make you a reservation for restaurant-book time Tuesday for 1.  Anything else I can help with?
The Golden Wok is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton , and there address is 01223 350688.  The Nirala is located at restaurant-book people Milton Road Chesterton, and their phone number is  01223 360966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I have restaurant-name munber in your party and restaurant-name day and time you would like to book?
You're welcome. Have a good day!
Reference number is : 768CRNLY. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
They are located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton. Postcode is cb41eh. Anything else you need?
I would recommend golden house
The Dojo Noodle Bar is Asian oriental and cheap. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
what part of town would you like? 
Yes, there is one called golden wok in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. do you want this one?
there address is Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street and restaurant-name post code is CB23DT is there anything else I can help you with?
You have your choice of Pizza Hut City Centre, Stazione Restaurant and coffee bar, Pizza Express, Ask, or Zizzi Cambridge.
Nandos is a Portuguese restaurant-name in South. Is this OK?
I found several Indian restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Were you looking for an restaurant-price range or moderately priced restaurant?
Yu Garden is located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. The post code is cb58pa and restaurant-name phone number is 01223248882. 
There are quite a few diverse, restaurant-price range restaurants all located in restaurant-name restaurant-area area. I recommend restaurant-name Backstreet Bistro at restaurant-book people Sturton Street City Centre.
I'm sorry, but our system does not show any matches for your inquiry. 
Pizza hut cherry hinton, and frankie and bennys are both in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town serving restaurant-food food.
You're welcome.  Have a good evening.
You're welcome and thank you for calling us. Goodbye.
The cow restaurant-food kitchen and bar serves restaurant-food food, is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Their phone number is 01223 308871.  The address is Corn Exchange Street and restaurant-name postcode is C.B 2, 3QF 
The Bloomsbury restaurant, serves restaurant-food food.
Okay I booked you into restaurant-name J Restaurant that also serves Asian food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and your reference number is 7MUMBMFD.
Very well, restaurant-name address for Anatolia is 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
The address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. The phone number is 01223 566388.
Their address is 15 - 19 Trumpington Street and phone number is 01223 227330.
I have many good restaurant-price range Indian restaurants in restaurant-name Cambridge area. Is there a specific part of town you would prefer?
Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I'm sorry. We do not have hours of operation in our database.
The only restaurant-price range restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of tow is restaurant-name Missing Sock.
The address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton. The phone number is 01223350688
It's a restaurant-price range Asian Oriental restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area area of town. Would you like to book a table?
The phone number for Cote is 01223 311053.
Have a nice day
There are two results. la restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food and thanh binh serves restaurant-food food.
There are mexican, chinese, restaurant-food and restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name area. Are there any food type in particular you would like?
There are restaurant-name Danish restaurants in restaurant-name south.
I have restaurant-book people results matching your request, are you looking for a particular type of food to eat?
None of restaurant-name times are available do you have another restaurant-name preference?
India House serves Indian food in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town and is expensive. Their phone number is 0122346166. Can I help with anything else?
May I recommend yippee noodle bar, located at 40428 King street in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town?
Yes I have many in restaurant-name center of town and on in restaurant-name west. Do you have a preference for area?
Yes, Bloomsbury restaurant-name is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
I was able to book you at The Gandhi. Your reference number is R9XJC41B. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Of course. I successfully booked you your reservation. Your reference number is A5FGTJTZ.
thank you for using our service, good bye.
There is restaurant-name Golden Wok for Chinese food and restaurant-name Nirala for Indian food.
You're very welcome! Don't hesitate to call if you would like help finding other attractions.
It's a restaurant-price range restaurant-food place in restaurant-name restaurant-area at Regent Street City Centre cb21ab. The phone number is 01223323737. Would you like more info?
Hi, Anatolia and Efes Restaurant are two options in restaurant-name restaurant-area for Turkish food. I hope you find what you're looking for!
Royal Standard is a Gastropub in East. Is this OK?
You're so welcome. Good day.
Little Seoul is a great place that fits your description. Would you like me to book you a table?
What day would you like to book?
they are in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and restaurant-name address is King Street City Centre
Okay restaurant-name postcode for restaurant-name Golden House is cb21eg. Is there anything else I can help you with?
01223 248882, and restaurant-name postcode is C.B 5, restaurant-book people P A
Have a good evening. 
I recommend Caffe Uno - it's very nice. They're at 32 Bridge Street City Centre, cb21uj. Can I help with anything else?
Okay there is restaurant-food and restaurant-food food. Which do you prefer?
There is thanh binh in restaurant-name restaurant-area area at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre, phone number is 01223 362456.
I have 33 restaurants that meet that criteria. Are you looking for a certain type of food?
Thank you for contacting us and have a great day!
Saint Johns Chop House is a British restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area which is moderately priced. 
I'd recoment restaurant-name Mahal of Cambridge.  It's inexpensive, and conveniently located.  Would you like me to book you?
Certainly! There are restaurant-book people options for moderately priced restaurants in restaurant-name West: British, Indian or Italian. Do you have a preference?
There is a Japanese restaurant-name called Wagamama in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
Have a nice day! 
We have a couple of Italian restaurants in restaurant-name west.  Would you like information on those?
You're welcome, is there anything else you need? 
Is there anything else you want?
You are very welcome. Feel free to call again in restaurant-name future. Have a great morning. 
There are a few of those.  What price point are you looking for?
Call us again! Goodbye.
I would recommend Cotto. They serve British food and are moderately priced. Would you like their contact information?
You are welcome. Is there anything else we can help you with today?
I'm sorry, it doesn't look like they have anything available. Would you like to try somewhere else?
restaurant-name is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. The address is cambridge leisure park clifton way and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 327908
What time on Wednesday would you like?
here is a list of restaurants located in restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range
I found restaurant-book people moderately priced restaurants in restaurant-name south. One serves Italian and restaurant-name other Modern European food. Would you like me to book at one of these?
Restaurant Two Two is located at 22 Chesterton Road, Chesterton. Their postcode is cb43ax. You can reach them at 01223351880. Any other information I can provide? 
Unfortunately there are restaurant-name tables available for Sunday at 18:15. Would you like to try for a different day or time? 
Great!  There are restaurant-book people restaurant-price range Asian Oriental restaurants in restaurant-name city centre.  Would you like me to book you a reservation at one of them?
Glad that I could help.  Enjoy your visit.  Don't hesitate to contact me if you need anything else.  Goodbye.
Thank you. I hope you have a good day as well.
Yes, I would recommend restaurant-name Peking Restaurant, located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre.  Could I reserve a table for you?
You are welcome.  Have a great day.
That booking was successful. Your reference number is 3LWL9XAA.
I found saint johns chop house.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
Wonderful I was able to get you in a Monday and your reservation number is  E10Z97F4. Will that be all?
Thank you and good bye to you as well.
You're very welcome. Have a good evening. 
I recommend golden wok. It is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town with a restaurant-price range price range.
Backstreet Bistro is located at restaurant-book people Sturton Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 306306.
Great! Kohinoor is an Indian cuisine restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you looking for a restaurant-name in restaurant-name expensive, restaurant-price range or restaurant-price range price range?
I have nothing available meeting your request, would you like to try a different price range or another type of cuisine?
Bangkok city serves Thai food and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
There are restaurant-name restaurants that fit your desired criteria. Is there another cuisine type or price range?
The Grafton Hotel Restaurant's phone number is 01223 241387.
The phone number for Bangkok city is 01223 354382 and restaurant-name address is 24 Green Street City Centre. 
Booking was successful. Your reference number is KANPYWAC,
The Missing Sock serves restaurant-price range food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
There are two restaurants available, restaurant-name and restaurant-name city centre. One is in restaurant-name restaurant-area and one is in restaurant-name centre.
No they do not serve Chinese food, however restaurant-name Yu Garden does and is in restaurant-name restaurant-area side.
Great news. I was able to book restaurant-name Sala Thong and your reference number is VMHJ6Y3I.
Bangkok City is located in 24 Green Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 354382.   
I cant get you a table there. How about tang restaurant-food instead. Your reference number is SAG9PAI9. They have better food.
The Pizza Hut in Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton seems to meet your requirements.
Thank you! Goodbye.
There is a restaurant-name called Kohinoor that serves restaurant-price range Indian food in restaurant-name restaurant-area area. Would you like to book a reservation?
Would restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town be convenient for you?
restaurant-name cow restaurant-food kitchen and bar is a moderately priced restaurant-food in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. It's located on Corn Exchange Street, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 308871. 
Nandos is a restaurant-price range Portuguese restaurant-name in restaurant-name south. Would you like their information? 
Unfortunately I wasn't able to get restaurant-name reservation for you. Would you like me to try somewhere else?
Ok, will there be anything else I can assist you with?
You're welcome. Please enjoy your day.
I have two restaurants that meet your requirements.  Do you have a cuisine preference? 
It doesn't look like there are any restaurant-price range Vietnamese restaurants. Would you like me to look for a different cuisine type or price range? 
thanh binh is located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre and phone number is 01223 362456.
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name Australian restaurants.  Would you like another type of food?
Booking was unsuccessful. Do you have a different time preference?
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day!
Your booking was successful, restaurant-name reference number is FYFXWH1Z. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Goodbye, have a nice day.
OK. Did you have a certain price range of cuisine in mind?
Your welcome, goodbye.
Sure, there are 57 restaurant-price range restaurants in town. Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
Meghna's phone number is 01223 727410
Are you looking for a particular price range?
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant serves European food and is restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. 
I have made a reservation at Efes Restaurant for restaurant-book people people on Sunday at 17:00.  The reference number is 8NR6PAIM.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Golden Wok is located 191 Histon Road Chesterton at and their postcode is C.B 4, restaurant-book people H.L. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
There are several in that price range at restaurant-name centre. What type of food would you like?  
For what day please?
The address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre, postcode C.B 3, 0 d.Q , phone is 01223 355166
Yes, there is one Thai restaurant-name in that area. Would you like more details on this restaurant?
Bangkok City serves Thai food in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would you like an additional information regarding this restaurant?
Have a great day!
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to try another restaurant?
Hakka's phone number is 01223 568988. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
There are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants in that area. Would you like to search another area or food type?
There are four venues serving modern European food in restaurant-name Centre of town. What price range do you want?
restaurant-name royal standard is located in city restaurant-area
Cote is located on Bridge Street City Centre, and their phone number is 01223 311053. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Curry Garden is in that part of town and they serve Indian food.
The J restaurant-name serves restaurant-price range restaurant-food oriental food in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Their phone number is 01223307581. The address is 86 Regent Street City Centre.
It's Mexican.
da vinci pizzeria serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town, is there anything else i can help you with? 
There is Da Vinci Pizzeria and Royal Spice, both are in restaurant-name restaurant-area area and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Yes, it is expensive. Do you need help with booking?
I was unable to book that, would you like me to try a different time or different restaurant?
Thank you for using our system.
I'm sorry, but there aren't any moderately priced Polish restaurants. Should I check other price ranges or a different type of food?
There are restaurant-name restaurants matching your request. Would you like a different one? 
Booking was unsuccessful. Perhaps another day or time?
taj restaurant-name is an restaurant-food one in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
If you do not have a preference of area, I recommend La Margherita in restaurant-name west. 
There are 69 restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.  You can narrow it down further by price range or cuisine type. 
The Indian restaurant-name is located at restaurant-book people Milton Road Chesterton and restaurant-name phone number is  01223 360966
I'm sorry there are restaurant-name available bookings for that time. Would you like to try something else?
The address of restaurant-name venue is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and in restaurant-price range price range.
Yes it is in restaurant-name restaurant-area area. 
There are restaurant-name restaurants that meet that criteria. Would you like me to look for Polish food in another area?
Unfortunately, there are restaurant-name bookings available. Can I try one of restaurant-name other Chinese restaurants in restaurant-name area? lan hong house or shanghai family restaurant?
Two selections fit your requirements. La Tasca and La Raza are both located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Do either of those interest you?
Do you have a preference on restaurant-name type of food?
Of course, it is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, C.B 5, restaurant-book people J.J
Thank you  good bye 
Alright, thank you. Goodbye!
I'm sorry, but there are restaurant-name moderately priced Brazilian restaurants.
Yes they do. How many people are in your party?
There are restaurant-book people restaurants serving modern European food and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like restaurant-name restaurant-area or restaurant-area part of town?
Eraina is in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town located at Free School Lane City Centre. Their number is 01223 368786. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Cotto is completely booked for Saturday at noon. Could I direct you to a different restaurant?
There are two restaurants that fit your criteria, would you prefer restaurant-food or restaurant-food food?
Pipasha Restaurant's phone number is 01223 577786 and they are located at Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Will you be needing anything else today?
May I suggest restaurant-name Hotel du Vin and Bistro?
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
The phone number is 01223 360966. And restaurant-name postcode is C.B 4, restaurant-book people U.Y.
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Saigon city is in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town and Kymmoy is in restaurant-name center.
I'm not sure, nothing is coming up for that type of food. Would you like to try a different cuisine? 
There are two Italian restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area area. la restaurant-name is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. restaurant-name is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Yes, restaurant-name Lucky Star is both restaurant-price range and in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
La Margherita is an Italian restaurant. It is located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre. Phone number is 01223 315232.
Enjoy restaurant-name rest of your day.
Alright you're all booked. Would you like restaurant-name reference number?
There is restaurant-name that meets your requirements would you like me to book a table?
I'm sorry, restaurant-name booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to look for another restaurant?
How about restaurant-name Jinling noodle bar?
Little Seoul is located in restaurant-name town restaurant-area
Yes, there are many restaurant-price range restaurants in Cambridge! What type of food would you like?
Unfortunately restaurant-name booking was not successful. 
they are located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton
Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre, phone number is 01223 362372
Have a good day!  Goodbye. 
There are many high class restaurants in town centre, is there a particular cuisine you'd prefer?
There are restaurant-name other types of restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name east, would you like to try another area?
Thank you. Have a nice day! 
Yu Garden is not open then, shall I try another place to dine?
Goodbye, and thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge restaurant-name system.
There are two restaurants that meet your requirements. Prezzo is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and La Margherita is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range range. 
Would you like me to book your reservation in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town or east?
The Lucky Star is restaurant-name only Chinese restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like any specific contact information for them?
I'm sorry, but there are restaurant-name tables available at that time. Would you like to choose another day or time?
Unfortunately, I was not able to locate a restaurant-food restaurant-name in that area. Would you like me to look in another area or for a different type of restaurant?
restaurant-name address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 277977
The one in restaurant-name restaurant-area is Saint Johns Chop House. Its located at 21-24 Northampton Street. Can I make a reservation for you?
You as well. Thanks for calling. Goodbye.
You're welcome!  Goodbye!
peking restaurant-name is expensive, its location is at 10 Homerton Street City Centre.
Saigon City is an restaurant-price range place in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Yes, Indian food! Very good. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Bedouin serves African food, is in restaurant-name center, and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Do you want me to book this restaurant?
The phone number for Dojo Noodle Bar is 01223 363471. Can I help you with anything else?
There are restaurant-book people Indian restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. What price range do you have in mind?
What type of food would you like? British, Indian, Gastropub, or Chinese?
I have restaurant-book people restaurants. Two are restaurant-price range and one is moderate. Would you like me to book one for you?
Would you prefer information on La Margherita?  It's restaurant-name only other restaurant-price range restaurant-name in that area.
Oh yes, restaurant-name Sitar Tandoori is great Indian restaurant-name on our restaurant-area side of town.  Do you need me to make a reservation for you?
I'm sorry restaurant-name booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try another cuisine or different area?
Excellent, we have over 31 possible choices. Do you have a location or cuisine preference?
I have found restaurant-book people restaurants that serve Chinese food. Which area would you be looking to dine in?
There are ten results. Do you have a price range preference?
Sala thong is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham. The phone number is 01223 323178.
There are two Thai restaurants. There is sala thong in restaurant-name restaurant-area area and bangkok city in restaurant-name restaurant-area area
OK.  Are you looking for any particular type of food?
The Nirala is located at restaurant-book people Milton Road Chesterton and can be reached at 01223 360966. Will that be all or can I assist you further? 
I am sorry there are restaurant-name others in that area, would a different area be okay?
I made a reservation at restaurant-name restaurant-name kymmoy. The confirmation number is UR49SKNA
The golden curry is an restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Is there anything else you would like to know?
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 327908. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I was able to book a table for restaurant-book people at Curry Prince for Tuesday at 13:30. Reference number is 34FPHM6M. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Thank you and you too.
There are nine restaurants available. Do you have a food type preference?
There is restaurant-name restaurant-price range Mediterranean restaurant-name in restaurant-name south.
Would you  like something in restaurant-name restaurant-area or restaurant-area of town? 
There are restaurant-name restaurants that serve Afghan food in restaurant-name center of town.
The phone number and address are 01223 327908 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way
restaurant-name restaurant-name is a moderately priced restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
I have booked you a table for four people on Thursday at restaurant-book time at nandos. The reference number is X15NtNNN. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you for calling this system. Goodbye.
there are three restaurant-food restaurants. Would you like restaurant-name phone number for all three?
Sure. I booked you into restaurant-name Cambridge Chop House on Thursday at 12:30. Your reference number is 8NI5A15M.
I have tang restaurant-food that meets your criteria, would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Restaurant Alimentum's address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. May I help you with anything else?
Great choice! We have 10 restaurants in that area. Do you have a preference on price? 
There are two available in restaurant-name south: Nandos, which serves Portuguese, and The Lucky Star, which serves Chinese. Do you have a preference? 
I was able to book you at thanh binh, your reference number is H0K8XFPQ.
It's Victoria Avenue Chesterton.  Would you like restaurant-name phone number?
Thanh binh is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and serves Vietnamese food.
Their phone number is 01223302330 and their postcode is 	cb21dp.
Thank you. 
There is five different options, that are in various price ranges
Certainly! However, there are restaurant-name moderately priced restaurants in restaurant-name town centre. Would you like to try a different area or price range?
restaurant-name restaurant's phone number is 01223 352500. Their address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre
Of course! Their number is 01223 464550 and their postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people L.L. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Woah, okay, bye.
Yes, you have a reservation for restaurant-book people person, at restaurant-book time on Sunday, at frankie and bennys. Can I help you with anything else today?
Okay. Glad I could help. Enjoy dining there.
The phone number is 01223363471 if you need it.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I have many. Could we narrow it down a bit by restaurant-name type of cuisine you may be looking for?
Eraina is actually a European restaurant, not a hotel. Is that what you were looking for?
Sure restaurant-name Phone 01223363471, address 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and postcode cb21rq for dojo noodle bar. May I help with anything else?
Have a great evening!  Goodbye!
restaurant-name address for saigon city is 	 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton
That restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food and is expensive.
I'm sorry, I'm not finding any restaurant-food restaurants. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
There is one option. It's cambridge lodge restaurant. Do you want to book a table?
Yes, Restaurant Two Two can be reached at 01223 351880.
you are welcome, bye
I have narrowed it down to Meghna which serves Indian Food. Would you like me to book this for you?
You're quite welcome. Thank you and goodbye! 
La Tasca is a moderately priced restaurant-name that serves Spanish food.
Little Seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Da Vinci Pizza, 20 Milon Road Chesterton. What else may I help you with?
There are four options in restaurant-area and one option in west. Do you have a preference on restaurant-name area?
Sorry, looks like there's restaurant-name availability. Want to try another day or time slot?
I am so sorry but restaurant-name da vinci pizzeria is fully booked and I was unsuccessful. Do you want me to try another restaurant?
The address is 30 Bridge Street in restaurant-name centre.
Would you like me to book that for you?
There are several restaurants serving restaurant-food food.  Would you like restaurant-name west, center or restaurant-area part of town? 
How about restaurant-name Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton?
Ask serves Italian food, is in restaurant-name center of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Their phone number is 01223 364917 and their postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people U.F.
Your table will be waiting for you. Your reference number is 6U8PG73H.
Sorry, restaurant-name matches matched your search. Do you want a different price range?
Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thanh Binh is a restaurant-price range Vietnamese restaurant-name in restaurant-name west. Shall I book a reservation for you?
bloomsbury restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food and is located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street.  Their phone number is 0871 942 9180.  Can I help you with anything else? 
You are welcome. Have a nice day. Good bye!
Kymmoy is in centre, and Saigon City is in north.  Would you like more information on one of those?
thank you and good bye
I'm sorry but I was unable to make a booking. Could we try another day or time?
We do not have another Spanish restaurant. Would you like restaurant-food or restaurant-food perhaps?
It turns out, they were all booked, but I was able to get you a table at restaurant-name slug and lettuce with reference number PGV6HF9F. May I help with anything else?
There are two restaurant-food restaurants. Would you prefer restaurant-name restaurant-area or restaurant-area part of town?
You are booked into restaurant-name restaurant-name cafe at 54 King Street City Centre. Your reference number is I0EPBDJ4. May I help you with anything else?
Sure, Little seoul is located at 108 Regent street City Centre. Its phone number is 01223 308681 and restaurant-name postcode is CB21DP. Is there anything I can help you with? 
I'm sorry, but that time is unavailable. Is there another time you would like?
Their postcode is cb21rq, and their phone number is 01223363471	
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants listed in that area.  Would you like to try something else? 
The Nirala is also located in restaurant-name restaurant-area and moderately priced.  It serves Indian food.
Thank you for calling restaurant-name Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day.
I'm sorry, that booking was unsuccessful. Shall I try for another day or time?
Yes, there is also The Nirala which is an Indian restaurant.  Would you be interested in more information on that one?
I'm sorry but none of restaurant-name Italian restaurants have reservations available at that time.  Do you want me to check for a different time?
Would you provide me with restaurant-name address?
zizi cambridge is available. It is also a restaurant-price range Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name centre. Your reservation is for Wednesday at restaurant-book time for restaurant-book people people. Your reference number is CRW6R09Z. 
The address is 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 315232.
I'm sorry but there are none that serve barbecue food. Do you have an alternate cuisine preference? 
restaurant-name phone and address are 01223 308871 Corn Exchange Street
Cote is a French restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, and it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Is that price range okay for you?
The booking was successful for Tuesday at restaurant-book time for a party of 2. Your reference number is H2VOXSP6. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have found restaurant-book people restaurants meeting your criteria. Rice boat is a good choice. Would you like me to book you a table?
Sorry it looks like there are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants in any price range in town at all. Would you like another food type?
How about restaurant-name Charlie Chan restaurant?
Pipasha restaurant-name is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. They serve Indian food.
You're welcome. Bon appetit! 
I can't find any sushi places for you how about another?
You're quite welcome!
There are five search results.  Are you interested in a particular area or price range?
Nandos is serves restaurant-food food, is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like their location? 
I've booked you a table for eight, your reference number is PJYZ9VQ9. Can I help you with anything else?
There are few restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area what type of cuisine do you want ?
I apologize booking was unsuccessful.   Would you like me to try Rajmahal
Sure, restaurant-name phone number is 01223355166 and it is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.  Postcode cb30dq.
Sure, restaurant-name postcode is cb23rh. Can I be of further service today?
Bangkok City is in restaurant-name restaurant-area area and is serving restaurant-food food, is there anything I can help you with?
I have restaurant-name lucky star with is in restaurant-name restaurant-area and cheap.  Would you like me to book at that restaurant?
There are two Spanish restaurants in restaurant-name city centre. What price range are you looking for?
We have restaurant-book people in restaurant-name restaurant-area side. Cocum is very popular, would you like to try there? 
their address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre, postcode is cb23pp , and phone number is 01223566188

Sure, there are several Indian restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would you prefer something restaurant-price range or expensive? 
I have nothing matching your request.  Would you like to try another part of town or a different type of cuisine? 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 5MA263EB.
I'm sorry Taj Tandoori is restaurant-name only Indian Cuisine available in restaurant-name south, would you like to try a different cuisine?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : NR6VPA82.
la mimosa serves restaurant-food food and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  their phone number is 01223 362525 and they are located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton. 
The Lucky Star is restaurant-name only restaurant-price range Chinese restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like any contact information?
The phone is 01223 362433 and it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range range.
There is one in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town and one in restaurant-name restaurant-area area of town. Which one would you prefer?
No restaurants serving restaurant-food food can be found. May I find another type restaurant-name for you? 
There are two in that price range. I suggest Pizza Express!
Certainly. The phone number for Graffiti is 01223 277977 and address is hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road .
You are most welcome. Thanks for contacting TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Sorry, there are restaurant-name Vietnamese places in restaurant-name East. Would you like to try a different area?
restaurant-name phone number is 01223 244955, Is there anything I can help you with? 
What area are you interested in today?
Prezzo is an Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town with a restaurant-price range price range. Would you like to book a table?
What type of food are you looking for?
I'm so sorry, that booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another restaurant, instead?
The Golden Wok is located at 191 histon road Chesterton. It's phone number is 01223350688.
Can I get restaurant-name information on what area you are looking for restaurant-name restaurant-name to be in?
restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food. its address is 71 castle street city restaurant-area and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 366668, is there anything else I can help you with? 
There are nine restaurants in restaurant-name east. Do you have a price range in mind?
What price range are you interested in?
Thank you, goodbye
The Gandhi is at 72 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like a reservation or more information?
There are five restaurant-food restaurants, which area would you like to dine in?
Bedouin is located at 100 Mill Road City Centre. It's phone number is 01223367660 and it's postcode is C.B 1, restaurant-book people B.D
I've reserved a table for you. Anything else?
There are several restaurant-price range Italian restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area but none in restaurant-name east.
There are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants I can direct you to.  Would you like another type of food?
Okay, I've booked you at Travellers Rest, which also serves restaurant-food food. Your reference number is FOEJZBZI. Anything else I can help with?
You're welcome. Enjoy your meal. 
Fitzbillies restaurant-name at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre fits your request.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
La Tasca and La Raza serve Spanish food in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.  What price range would you prefer.
golden wok is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and is in restaurant-name restaurant-area area of town. 
Of course, restaurant-name reference number is 1JR8K2OP. May I assist you with anything else?
Yes, restaurant-name Curry Prince is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388. Can I help you with anything else? 
Nandos is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
da vinci pizzeria is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town their address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
Thank you for calling us and have a great day. Goodbye.
and how many people will restaurant-name reservation be for?
Have a good day.
I booked for you a table at gardenia. It's in restaurant-name center  and serves restaurant-food food. Your reservation is on MSF1LNO1.
Peking Restaurant is an restaurant-price range Chinese restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like their information?
I'm glad I could help.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
I don't have anything matching restaurant-food but I do have an African restaurant-name in restaurant-name center of town as well as some gastropubs. Would either interest you?
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Your table is booked and will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is C6EU44QQ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket road Fen Ditton.  The phone number is 01223 241387.
darrys cookhouse and wine shop is a favorite of mine.  Can I book a table for you?
It's 01223352500.  Would you like restaurant-name address?
I'm so sorry but it seems that I don't show any that will suit what you are looking for. Would you like to try a different price range or type?
You're welcome.  Good night.
The address for peking restaurant-name is 10 homerton street city restaurant-area and its postcode is cb28nx.
We have quite a few spots. Do you have a specific type of food you'd like to eat?
Dojo Noodle Bar serves Asian Oriental food in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would you like their number?
Yes, I can book you at Graffiti. The reference number is UYW8JK6T. May I help with anything else?
Thanh Binh is a restaurant-name serving Vietnamese food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
It isn't available.  Shall I try restaurant-name Portuguese restaurant?
restaurant-name phone number for restaurant-name curry prince is 01223 566388 and they are located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. 
Your booking was successful. Your Reference number is 01YIB028. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
There is not a restaurant-name matching your request.  Would you like another restaurant? 
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome, have a good meal. 
Curry garden is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name that serves Indian food. Do you want me to book it for you?
I have restaurant-book people restaurants that meet that criteria. Are you looking for a certain type of food?
Of course.  It's VB3GHYNL.  Anything else?
Graffiti is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name that serves British food, Would you like their address or phone number?
There are three moderately priced restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Do you prefer indian, italian, or british?
Thanh Binh is a Vietnamese restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. The phone number is 01223 362456.
Unfortunately reservations are not possible for that time. Would you like to try for another day or time?
restaurant-name two two's Address is 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton, their postcode is C.B 4, restaurant-book people A.X
The phone number for Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is 01223505015 and their postcode is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name Hungarian restaurants listed in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like to try something else? 
There are two restaurant-food restaurants that are in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range: The Varsity Restaurant and The Bloomsbury Restaurant.
restaurant-name information found
No there are not. Want to try a different restaurant-name type?
Their address is 451 newmarket road fen ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388
restaurant-name good luck restaurant-food food takeaway is in restaurant-name restaurant-area would you like me to book it?
Their phone number is 01799 521260 and their address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road. 
restaurant-name lucky star is in South part of town and is available.Would you like restaurant-name address ?
There is also an Italian and British restaurant.  Would you prefer one of these?
La restaurant-name is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, and it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am glad to be of service! Have a wonderful time in Cambridge!
Yes. I found restaurant-name river bar restaurant-food and grill. It is a restaurant-price range restaurant-name serving modern restaurant-food food and in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would you like restaurant-name address and phone number? 
There are two options.  Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton serves Italian food and is located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  Restaurant Alimentum serves Modern European food and is located at 152 - 154 Hills Road.  Anything else I can help you with today? 
You're very welcome! Have fun!
I have at least three choices would you like a recommendation?
Alright, we have three restaurants available. Did you want it to be restaurant-price range or moderately priced?
Yes I have 33 possible choices, would you like them to serve restaurant-name same type of food at restaurant-name Cote?
I'm sorry, I don't have a restaurant-name that serves restaurant-food food. Do you have a second choice?
Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
You're welcome, goodbye.
There are 21 different restaurants that follow those criteria. Did you want to stay within restaurant-name restaurant-food theme or try something else?
restaurant-name phone is 	 01223 351880 and restaurant-name postcode is C.B 4, restaurant-book people A.X
we have four restaurant-name that serves modern restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area area, is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm sorry, there aren't any gastropubs in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. If you're open to other areas there are three in restaurant-name restaurant-area and one in restaurant-name east?
I was able to get you in at Ask on Thursday at restaurant-book time for restaurant-book people people. There is a new reference number, though. Use 0SLQNHXA.
Yes sure. your reference number for restaurant-name new booking will be 47N2K0RG.
There are restaurant-book people Indian restaurants available in restaurant-name centre. What day are you looking to dine?
Happy to be of help, and I hope you enjoy your meal! Goodbye!
In restaurant-name restaurant-area we have Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House that are all quite inexpensive. Would you like me to book a table at one of them?
How about bedouin?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy your meal at The Nirala.
You're welcome.  Anything else I can help with today?
What is available in restaurant-name restaurant-area area at restaurant-book time for a party of 5?
I am sorry but there is restaurant-name restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Do you want a different type of cuisine or price range?
I'm sorry, I'm experiencing an error in my system. Could you please restate your request?
Thank You good bye
The address is  40428 King Street City Centre and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 518111.
I am not finding anything for restaurant-food food. Something else perhaps?
Booking was successful at royal spice. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : KEJQJLSS.
I'm sorry, we must have had technical difficulties. We actually do have 21 restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town that are moderately priced. Do you have a certain cuisine in mind?
The Missing Sock serves restaurant-food food on restaurant-name restaurant-area side, and is cheap. Should I book a table?
Meghna is at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton, and restaurant-name postal code is  C.B 4, restaurant-book people L.F.  Can I help you with anything else?
The number there is 01223323737 and restaurant-name postcode is cb58wr.  Anything else?
The phone number is 01223 812660 and restaurant-name address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food, in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town
I recommend restaurant-name saint johns chop house. It should suit your needs. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
There are restaurant-book people different restaurants that match your inquiry. Would you like to know more about them?
The Varsity Restaurant serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name center of town. Do you want me to book it for you?
Then booking was unsuccessful.   Would you like me to  try restaurant-name Indian restaurant?
Yes I have 2. Curry Prince and Rajmahal.
I sure can. Do you prefer Chinese, Italian, Indian or Mexican food?
I'm sorry, there aren't any restaurants serving Christmas food. Would you like something else instead?
No, sorry. There are restaurant-name morrocan restaurants in restaurant-name south. Would you like to expand to another area?
Thanh binh is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like their location? 
restaurant-name there is one, its name is da vinci pizzeria. 
The postcode is cb43le. May I help you with anything else? 
I don't have any restaurants that meet that criteria. Is there another type of food or area you would be interested in?
I'm sorry but there are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants in town. Can i offer you something else?
There is restaurant-name Yippee Noodle Bar. Would you like restaurant-name address?
You are booked into restaurant-name bloomsbury restaurant. Your reference number AZ9LL6MU. Do you need help with anything else?
The phone number for The Lucky Star is 01223 244277. May I help you with anything else?
Either Anatolia or Efes Restaurant would fit that criteria.  Can I reserve one for you?
How about Charlie Chan?  It is a restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name centre.
thank you. good bye
Yes. Ali baba serves lebanese. May I book a table for you?
I'm sorry, but Ask is not in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. There are restaurant-book people restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like Portuguese or Chinese food?
I would recommend restaurant-name Da Vinci Pizzeria. They are located at 20 Milton Road, Chesterton.
Do you have a certain type of food in mind?
There is one African restuarant in restaurant-name Center. It is named Bedouin, and is expensive. Their phone number is 01223367660. Would you like me to book for you? 
Yes, there are restaurant-name restaurant-price range Australian restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like to look in a different area?
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurants matching your request.  Would you like to try something else? 
Yes, there are four Indian restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. What price range would you like?
The phone number is 01223 566388 and restaurant-name postcode is CB58JJ.
My apologies, but there doesn't seem to be any restaurants matching your request. Would you like to broaden your search?
The phone number for restaurant-name is 01799 521260. 
glad we could help!
Thank you and I hope you enjoy restaurant-name restaurant. Have a great day.
There are three results with your preferences of restaurant-area area and restaurant-price range price range.
My apologies. I meant to say restaurant-name not hotel. Unfortunately, there aren't any restaurants that are that price range that serve restaurant-area restaurant-food food. 
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurant-price range Indian restaurants on restaurant-name restaurant-area side.
Sure.  No problem.  Your reference number is 7U1BWJ5Q.
Would you prefer Italian or Modern restaurant-food food? 
There are restaurant-book people Chinese restaurants. Three in restaurant-name center of town and one in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town all moderatly priced.
Good day. 
Ok sorry about that. I can get you a table at restaurant-name one seven. Your reference number is A2RA63NX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
So it is not avaible then, shall I try another place to dine?
Booking was unsuccessful at rice boat. Would you like to find another restaurant?
Yes I have listings for many of them,what area are you looking to eat in?
Little Seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre.
restaurant-name missing sock is located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road and their phone number is 01223 812660. 
Dojo Noodle bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and their phone number is 01223 363471.   Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Thank you for calling us today. Goodbye.
I'm so happy we could help you out today. Enjoy your meal in Cambridge!
Thank you too, good bye.
It is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town.  Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes, I have a reservation available for 16:00. Your reference number is GXV1UIFJ. Is there anything else you need?
What kind of food would you like to have?
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton is an Italian restaurant-name on restaurant-name East side of town. The address is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Frankie and bennys is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and their phone number is 01223 412430.
Dojo Noodle Bar serves restaurant-food oriental food and is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.  The price range is cheap.   
Yes, it is. May I help you book?
I've found a lot of restaurants in restaurant-name centre. Is there a specific type of food you're looking for?
la raza is a Spanish restaurant-name in restaurant-name city restaurant-area that is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
royal spice serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. is there anything else i can help you with?
da vinci pizzeria is an restaurant-food restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town
Enjoy restaurant-name rest of you day
Yu Garden is a great Chinese restaraunt on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town. Should I get you their phone number?
Okay glad I could be of help!
It is unavailable for that time. Would you like to try another time or place?
You're welcome. Enjoy your dining experience.
I have restaurant-book people moderately priced British restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area but I do not have any restaurant-price range ones.  Would you like me to book one of these?
Thank you. Good bye.
Nice talking to you, Thank you. Good bye 
restaurant-name missing sock serves restaurant-food food, they are located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
You're very welcome. Goodbye!
Eraina is a great European eatery. What other information can I provide to you?
Thanh Binh is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like restaurant-name phone number?
restaurant-name hotel restaurant's address is 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton their phone number is 01223 241387 and it is listed in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range
Unfortunately there are restaurant-name tables available matching that, do you have another time?
Yes there is. rice boat is an restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name west. Would you like to book a table?
There is a Vietnamese restaurant-name called Thanh Binh at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
unfortunately there are restaurant-name restaurants that suits you. do you want to try something else?
Thank you for using restaurant-name system,goodbye.
yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton. Its phone number is 01223 248882 and restaurant-name postcode is CB58PA. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
The missing sock serves restaurant-price range restaurant-food food and is in restaurant-name east. Would you like more information?
Thank you for using Cambridge restaurant-name system. Enjoy your meal!
Thank you, enjoy your visit, goodbye!
There are two restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. What type of food are you interested in?
Awesome, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy restaurant-name restaurant! 
There are restaurant-name restaurants serving Persian food in restaurant-name Centre part of town.
Thank you for calling in, enjoy!
The Hotpot is an restaurant-price range Chinese restaurant-name in that area.
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurants serving restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like a different type of food?
restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food and is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.  Their phone number is 01223 362372 and they are located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre
restaurant-name address is 24 green street city restaurant-area
Of course.  When would you like to dine?
The address for restaurant-food hut cherry hinton is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 323737 
I am sorry but restaurant-name restaurant-name is fully booked. Do you want to try another restaurant?
Da Vinci Pizzeria is at 01223 351707, and Royal Spice is at 01733 553355.
Sure I have restaurant-book people restaurant-price range Indian restaurants. kohinoor, royal spice, restaurant-name gandhi and mahal of cambridge. Would you like to book one of these?
Yu Garden is located on restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like restaurant-name telephone and address?
Darrys cookhouse and Wine Shop is in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town and serves modern restaurant-food food.
I am sorry there are restaurant-name restaurants with canapes. Is there some other type of food you would like?
restaurant-name Golden wok serves restaurant-food food and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like their location? 
I would recommend Fitzbillies restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town, would you like me to reserve a table for you? 
Alright, your table will be booked for that time.
The golden wok is a nice restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like their location? 
I show two that are located in restaurant-name centre. We have restaurant-name La Mimosa or restaurant-name Shiraz Restaurant. May I book a table for you?
I'm so sorry, but I wasn't able to make that reservation for you. May I try on another day or at another time?
Kymmoy is an Asian Oriental restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like their address?
The Golden House is located at 12 Lensfield Road City Centre. Their postcode is cb21eg. Can I help you with anything else?
There's a very nice Japanese restaurant-name in restaurant-name center of town, it's pretty expensive.
The phone number for Golden Wok is 01223 350688. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It's pretty expensive. It's at Free School Lane City Centre, and you can call them at 01223 368786. Anything else I can help you with?
If money is restaurant-name concern, I would definitely recommend HK Fusion. It's in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town and expensive. It's located at 21 Burleigh Street, City Centre. How does that sound?
Bye!
It is located at De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. 
The phone number to La Raza is 01223 464550 and its postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people L.L
The Cotto serves British food it is in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. 
There are restaurant-book people restaurants that meet your criteria. Can I interest you in Asia, Chinese, European, or French cuisine? 
Meghna is an Indian restaurant, it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, and it is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. The address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.
We don't have any of those, sad to say. Want to broaden restaurant-name search?
Meghna is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Their address is 205 Victoria road, Chesterton.
What area are you interested in?
How about Yu Garden. It is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and serves Chinese food.
I'm sorry but there is restaurant-name matching records found that fits your requests .
Great.  Enjoy your stay.
Nandos's address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way C.B 1, restaurant-book people D.Y
Yes, 4. stazione restaurant-name and coffee bar, restaurant-name cafe, don pasquale pizzeria, and cafe uno.
There doesn't seem to be any availability for Saturday at 18:30. Does another time or day work for you? 
Three restaurants serve Turkish food. Do you have a price preference?
Little Seoul is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name in restaurant-name Centre area. Would you like restaurant-name address?
There are several restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you prefer restaurant-name restaurant-area or restaurant-area of town? 
The Missing Sock is at Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Postcode cb259aq.
Might I suggest restaurant-name Dojo Noodle Bar. They are located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town and they are cheap. Would you like their phone number?
Eraina in restaurant-name restaurant-area is an restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurant. Would you like further information? 
Nandos is a restaurant-price range restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, serving Portuguese food.
You are welcome! Have a nice day!
You are welcome. Have a good day.
Booked! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: F10EIGQ3.
Enjoy your stay, good bye.
Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge restaurant-name system
I could not get a table at restaurant-name hotspot. I was able to reserve one for restaurant-name however. Your reference number is PBSTNZCL.
Is there any other information I can get for you at this time?
You're welcome, please call us again in restaurant-name future. Have a great day.
What type of cuisine would you prefer?
Certainly, The Gardenia is located at restaurant-book people Rose Crescent City Centre and can be reached at 01223 356354. May I be of further assistance? 
There is The Missing Sock. They serve restaurant-food food on restaurant-name restaurant-area side and are cheap. Their phone number is 01223 812660 and postcode is C.B 25, 9 A.Q.
Have a wonderful day.
I am sorry, I could not find any Cuban restaurants for you in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Is there a different type of food you would like me to search for instead?
There is Royal Spice which serves Indian food and Da Vinci Pizzeria which serves Italian food. Would you like me to book you a table at either of these restaurants?
I was able to book you at J Restaurant.  The reference number is 1PWMNUIK.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I have 9 restaurants that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference on type of cuisine?
I'm sorry, but there aren't any reservations available at michaelhouse at that time.   Would you like to try a different restaurant?
There are nine restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. What kind of food would you like?
What time on Saturday and for how many people were you looking to book for?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : Q91F26L3.
The Royal Standard is locdated at 290 Mill Road City Centre. How else may I assist you?
Yes it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.Do you want restaurant-name address ?
I would be happy to help you.  There are several restaurants located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you prefer a expensive, restaurant-price range or restaurant-price range restaurant? 
Thank you and good bye.
Meghna is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
I have restaurant-name which is in restaurant-name same area and price range.  Would you like me to book a table there?
The cambridge lodge restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town
Your reservation has been made. The reference number is GK4F8AFS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Little seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre.  May I help you with anything else today? 
Curry Prince's phone number is 01223 566388. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
There are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name center part of town. Do you have another cuisine or area preference?
bangkok city serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
I'm sorry, I can't find any restaurant-price range Swedish restaurants. Would you like to look for a different style of food, or increase your price range?
Enjoy your meal! Good bye.
The golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton
Pizza Hut cherry hinton is at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton with phone number 01223 323737
Sure thing your reference number is D3A1XJL7. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
They are in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Is there a specific price range you are looking for?
I made a reservation for you at J Restaurant at 86 Regent Street.  Reference Number UWVRJC3M.  Can I help you further today?
I was happy to help, enjoy your meal.
There are many Chinese restaurants. What price range are you looking for?
Thank for calling Cambridge restaurant-name system, goodbye.
There are restaurant-name restaurants available matching your criteria. Would you like to try a different area, price range, or food type?
Hi I found a restaurant. It is Nandos city restaurant-area and it is located at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Okay great. Enjoy your dining experience.
I couldn't find an available table for you. Would you like to find another restaurant?
Of course. Rajmahal is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, at restaurant-book people Barnwell Road Fen Ditton.
I am sorry, I am unable to make a reservation for restaurant-book people at that time.  Would you like me to try and find another restaurant?
I'm sorry but we don't have any restaurants meeting that criteria.  Could you please try a different type?
Cote is a French restaurant-name in restaurant-name city restaurant-area and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Good bye
Cotto is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in restaurant-name centre. Its address is 183 restaurant-area road city restaurant-area and its phone number is 01223 302010. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Have a nice day!
Sure thing, do you have a type of food you'd like or a specific area you'd like to eat in?
Saint Johns Chop House matches your request.  It is located at 21-24 Northampton Street c.b 3, 0 A.D, restaurant-name phone number is 01223 353110. 
Okay, Cotto is a British restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
Okay done. The reference number for your table is BVK9XZPJ and it is only reserved for 15 minutes.
Would you like me to book it for you?
The Missing Sock is a restaurant-price range restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like their location? 
There are 22 results. Is there an area that you would prefer? 
Yes, restaurant-name restaurant-name name is Thanh Binh, restaurant-name phone number is 01223 362456. The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre
I'm sorry, I could not find any restaurants fitting that description. Would you like to suggest another cuisine or location? 
I would recommend Eraina, it is at Free School Lane City Centre. 
They serve modern European food and are located at 152 - 154 Hills Road.  Their number is 01223 413000.
There is one restaurant-price range Turkish restaurant-name in town: Meze Bar Restaurant.
There is a very nice Italian restaurant-name called Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
Cote is located at Bridge Street City Centre.
The address for Da Vinci Pizzeria is 20 Milton Road Chesterton.  Would you like any additional information?
There are many resturants that meet those criteria.  Would you prefer African, Asian, British, Chrinese, European, French, Gastropub, Indian, Italian, Japanese, korean, mediterranean, restaurant-area american, Turkish or thai?
You as well, enjoy your meal. 
Sure thing. What type of food were you thinking about?
Da Vinci Pizzeria is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. The address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
Thank you, have a good day!
There are restaurant-name restaurants matching your request.  Would you like a different restaurant? 
Have a wonderful day and let us know if you need any further assistance.
You are very welcome. Have a nice day, goodbye.
Ali baba is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Their phone number is 01462 432565 and restaurant-name postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people N.T 
The address for The Missing Sock is Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Would you like their phone number or postcode?
Rajmahal is an Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.   How does that sound?
We have dojo noodle bar, and j restaurant-name which are both restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would you like to book one of those?
their address is Quayside Off Bridge Street and their phone number is 01223 307030
There are restaurant-name Jamaican restaurants listed. I will look for Mediterranean. 
Sure, which day will you be dining?
The address for restaurant-name Missing Sock is Finders Corner Newmarket Road and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 812660.
Wagamama serves Japanese food and is in restaurant-name center area of town. The address is 36 Saint Andrews Street.
Please book another day or time slot. restaurant-name place could be full
You're very welcome. Thank you and have a good day. Goodbye.
there are restaurant-book people restaurants serving restaurant-food food,  which area of town are you interested in? 
I'm sorry but it looks like I don't happen to see any restaurants that specialize in that type of cuisine? Can I help you with a different type?
Yes your booking reference number is X651IF9F.
There are three, moderately priced restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Do you have a cuisine preference?
chiquito restaurant-name bar serves restaurant-food food and located at 2G cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton. Would you like anything else? 
Sure. I booked you a table in restaurant-name oak restaurant-food which is in restaurant-name center part of restaurant-name town. Your reservation number is CMJ6WM0Z.
There is one restaurant-name serving British food on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town. Their name is Grafton Hotel Restaurant. Would you like their contact information?
Your booking is confirmed, restaurant-book people people on Tuesday at restaurant-book time for J Restaurant. Reference is H9ZG8N17. Can I help with anything else? 
Excellent. Have a good rest of your day!
restaurant-name Alimentum is located at 152 - 154 Hills Road and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 413000.
there phone number is 01223308681 is there anything else I can help you with?
Enjoy restaurant-name restaurant-name and have a nice day. Good bye.
I'm sorry, I wasn't able to get a table. Would you like me to try J Restaurant, with similar cuisine? Or maybe somewhere else?
Meghna serves moderately priced Indian food and is in restaurant-name West part of town.
Thank you for calling and please use our system again. Goodbye.
The only restaurant-name meeting your criteria is Thanh Binh in restaurant-name west. Their phone number is 01223 362456.
There are restaurant-name Kosher restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Is there another food type or price range that you would like?
You're very welcome.  Enjoy your meal.  Goodbye.
Thank you for using our service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I was able to book you a table at restaurant-name Jinling Noodle Bar on Regent Street.  Your reference number is GJPTB7CD.  Is that all for today?
I'm afraid we don't have any Catalan restaurants. 
I have made a reservation for you at restaurant-name restaurant-name alimentum on Wednesday at restaurant-book time for restaurant-book people people. Your reference number is LX2XAAF4. Would you like their address?
How about restaurant-name Tang Chinese?  I would recommend it.  Can I make a reservation for you?
How about cafe uno?
I actually cannot find any restaurant-price range restaurants with restaurant-area restaurant-food food. There is however an restaurant-price range restaurant-name with restaurant-food food. Would that be okay?
Peking Restaurant is a Chinese restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.   Their address is 10 Homerton Street City Centre.
Golden Wok is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like their address and phone number?
The reference number is TG8VOAVX.  Do you need anything else?
Ask is a restaurant-price range Italian restaurant-name located in restaurant-name Centre part of town.
I am unable to book a restaurant-name at that time on Thursday. Is there another day or time slot I can check for you?
Bloomsbury restaurant-name address is Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street.
You are more than welcome!

Okay. I got you into restaurant-name Cambridge Chop House and your reference number is T3XZDZFC.
You could also try Restaurant Two Two.
I do not show an restaurant-price range Portuguese restaurant. Can I look for something else?
Does restaurant-name Jinling Noodle Bar sound like a good choice?
Charlie Chan has restaurant-price range restaurant-food food located on Regent Street City Centre,  phone 01223 361763
Absolutely, there are a few choices.  How about Tandoori Palace on Histon Road?  
That wasn't available.  I did get a table at Fitzbillies though.  It also meets all of your requirements.  Your reference number is BLRXV0B0.  Is that all today?
Thank you and have a wonderful day!
You're welconme
I'm sorry, it doesn't look like Loch Fyne has tables at that time, and they're restaurant-name only one that focuses on seafood. Would you like to try somewhere else?
You're welcome. Thanks for using our services. Goodbye.
Booking was successful for restaurant-name restaurant-book time time.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number is : I915UV13. Do you need anything else?
The Lucky Star is a Chinese restaurant-name that is restaurant-price range and on restaurant-name South side of town.
There are 15 such restaurants. I'd suggest restaurant-name Dojo Noodle Bar which serves Asian Oriental food. Would that work for you?
Enjoy your meal. 
There are restaurant-name venues serving Swiss food.
Alrighty. Have a good day!
I have restaurant-book people that serve restaurant-food food. How about restaurant-name chan? It's priced pretty cheap.
You are welcome.  Have a nice day as well.  Good bye.
La tasca serves Spanish food and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
I've found three Chinese restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Does price range matter to you?
Thank you. Have a nice day, goodbye.
Do you have a specific area in mind?
Okay Anatolia is a restaurant-food restaurant-name located in restaurant-name centre. Is this what you're looking for?
Anatolia is located at 30 restaurant-name street city centre. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Their address is Quayside Off Bridge Street and restaurant-name postcode is C.B 5, restaurant-book people A.Q. May I help you with anything else? 
The post code for restaurant-name restaurant-name hotel restaurant-name is C.B 5, restaurant-book people P.A. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.  Goodbye.
which area would you like? 
I am sorry there are restaurant-name others in any area,would you like me to check in another price range?
The booking was unsuccessful.   Is there another time you would prefer?
There are restaurant-name French restaurants matching your requests.  Can I help you with something else? 
Okay. What price range would you like?
Chiquito restaurant-name bar is a restaurant-food restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Their phone number is 01223 400170 and their address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Okay, and do you prefer a certain area of town? There are four in restaurant-name restaurant-area and one in restaurant-name west. 
Anatolia is a Turkish restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of restaurant-name city. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Absolutely. The Peking Restaurant is located at 10 Homerton Street, City Centre. Their postcode is cb28nx. Can I reserve you a table by chance? 
I have found two restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurants, La Mimosa and Shiraz Restaurant. Both are in restaurant-name restaurant-area area. Would you like more information on either one of these restaurants?
I'm sorry but there is not restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name east, can i offer you something else?
Yes, there's restaurant-name Goden Curry, Saffron Brasserie, Panahar, and Curry King.
One of them is restaurant-price range and restaurant-name other is moderately price.
restaurant-name two two address is 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton and restaurant-name phone is 01223351880 is there anything else I can help you with?
There is nothing else in restaurant-name Indian and restaurant-price range in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
Wait. How about that British restaurant? Where is it located?
Kymmoy is in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 311911. May I help you with anything else?
la restaurant-name is located at 15 magdalene street city restaurant-area and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 315232. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Let me know if you need any more info.
They're listed as cheap.
Yes I have many Chinese and Asian restaurants as well as Spanish, Portuguese and Indian cuisines matching your price requirements. Any preference?
Thank you for using our system..good bye 
La Raza is a restaurant-price range Spanish restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
The phone number is 01223 362456.
Da Vinci pizzeria is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like their location? 
There are restaurant-name matching records found for that request.
I have two restaurants in restaurant-name Centre area of town. Would you like restaurant-name information for both?
Taj Tandoori serves Indian food on restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Their number is 01223 412299. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a nice day! 
You are welcome.  Have a nice meal.  Bye.
I am sorry. There is restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area area? Would you like to try another area or food type? 
 The lucky star is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like their location? 
You're welcome and good bye.
I am sorry.  There are restaurant-name Swedish restaurants in this city.  Is there another type of restaurant-name you would like me to help you find?
No results for your query have been found. Would you like to try again?
Thanh binh is a nice restaurant-name that serves Vietnamese food and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
The phone number is 	 01223 355166 and restaurant-name post code is C.B 3, 0 D.Q.  Is there anything else?
I have listing for restaurant-book people different ones,can I get what area you are looking for?
restaurant-name is an restaurant-food restaurant.  Would you like restaurant-name phone number?
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is an Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Sure, restaurant-name phone number is 01462 432565 and restaurant-name postcode is CB21NT. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223 351707.  May I help you with anything else? 
What area would you like to look in?
What would you like to eat?
You're welcome. Thanks for allowing me to help. Goodbye!
Bye bye.
Sorry, restaurant-name restaurant-name isn't available at 17:00. Do you want to try a different time?
I have Ask at 12 Bridge Street City Centre.
I would be happy to make you a reservation, first I will need to know what day and time you'd like to reserve for. 
Yu garden serves restaurant-food food and is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like more information? 
Ask is a restaurant-price range Italian restaurant-name located at 12 Bridge Street City Centre, and their phone number is 01223364917
I'm sorry but there wasn't a table available at that time. Would you like to try another restaurant?
The address for Thanh Binh is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Is ther anything else I can help you with?
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is BTY06386. May I help you with anything else today?
restaurant-food hut cherry hinton is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Their phone number is 01223 323737 and they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  
There are 33 restaurants in restaurant-name area. What type of food are looking to eat? 
I'm sorry restaurant-name Galleria is not available . Shall I try another then?
Im sorry there are restaurant-name restaurants offering Swiss food in your area.
There is not.
Golden Wok is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, and is moderately priced.
Little Seoul is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name that serves Korean food.
How about The Copper Kettle? The phone number is 01223365068.
Peking restaurant-name has good reviews would you like that?
Absolutely! The postcode for La Margherita is cb30af. Would you like me to make a reservation for you? 
I'm sorry, but there are restaurant-name restaurants serving Catalan food.
There are two restaurant-food and one restaurant-food moderatley priced restaurants. Are there any you would like to know more information on?
There are seven British restaurants in restaurant-name center. Four are moderately priced and three are expensive. What is your preference, please?
No, unfortunately. Both an hour earlier and an hour later, they're booked. 
I'm sorry, we don't have any restaurant-price range Turkish restaurants.
Happy to be of service today. Enjoy restaurant-name rest of your day!
Good bye. Thank you for using restaurant-name restaurant-name service.
Tang restaurant-food is located at napier street city center, phone number is 01223357187, and restaurant-name postcode is cb11hr.
restaurant-name golden wok address is 191 histon road chesterton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 350688. is there anything else I can help you with? 
The Missing Sock fits your criteria. It is on Finders Corner Newmarket Road, Postode isC.B 25, 9 A.Q
We have made your reservation thank you!
What part of town would you like?
How many will be in your party?
Sure, I have 9 restaurants like that. Is there a certain area you had in mind?
Sure, restaurant-name one seven serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area area and is moderately priced. Would you like a reservation?
I was able to find five restaurants that meet you requests. Eraina is a great choice. Would you like me to book you a table?
Enjoy your meal at restaurant-name jinling noodle bar. Have a great day.
Sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town serving restaurant-food food.
Meghna's phone number is 01223 727410. Is there anything else I can do for you tonight?
Restaurant One Seven serves restaurant-food food! It is moderately priced! 
goodbye 
The address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
The booking at restaurant-name shanghai was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
Graffiti is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name serving restaurant-food food in restaurant-name west. Would you like restaurant-name phone number, address, or postcode?
What about La Margherita? They serve Italian. 
Okay I have booked that for you. Your reference number is 9A4YK0UB. Is there anything else I can do for you?
There's darrys cookhouse and wine shop, located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would you like their information?
You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.
Thank you, have a great day and enjoy your food.
There are 9 matching restaurants. What food would you like?
Ok, I'm showing a number of restaurant-price range restaurants in town. Which area do you prefer ?
The restaurant-food hut cherry hinton is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Their phone number is 01223 323737.  May I help you with anything else? 
I have found restaurant-book people restaurants for you would you like a specific area of town?
The address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 355166.
I'm sorry there are restaurant-name locations serving Tuscan food on restaurant-name restaurant-area side town.
Is that all? Would you like be to book? Anything else you need?
Their phone number is 01223413000 and they are located at 152-154 Hills Road.
I'm afraid there are restaurant-name Danish restaurants in restaurant-name city. Is there another cuisine you'd like?
Chiquito restaurant-name bar is a Mexican restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and restaurant-name price range is expensive.   Would you like their address?
I am so sorry, but I was not able to book this.  Would you like to try a different restaurant?
Three restaurants meet your specifications. One is Italian and two serve Indian food. Do you have a preference?
The Gourmet Burger Kitchen's phone number is 01223 312598 , they are loated at Regent Street City Centre, and there post code is .C.B 2, restaurant-book people A.B
I have found restaurant-name restaurant-name you are looking for. Would you like restaurant-name address?
At what time would you like restaurant-name reservation?
Yes, Backstreet Bistro has an opening for restaurant-book people people at restaurant-book time on Wednesday.
There are 14 restaurant-price range Indian restaurants. Which area do you prefer? 
Sure, I can help you with that. There are 14 choices. Did you have a certain area in mind?
What kind of food would like?
The Nirala is moderately priced restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town as well.
Thank you for allowing me to help you today. Have a great day.
That is in restaurant-name restaurant-area of restaurant-name city.
There is restaurant-name Austrian restaurant-name in West. Is there another area you might be interested in today?
Sure, they can be reached at 01223323737 and are in restaurant-name cb21ab postcode.  Anything else I can help you with today?
Your table is reserved, ref# UQONY6CJ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Let me know if you need anything else. Good Bye. 
bangkok city is restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range located in restaurant-name restaurant-area city. 
I'm sorry. There are restaurant-name restaurants matching your criteria.
Restaurant two two is a nice place that serves French food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and is in restaurant-name North part of town.
You're very welcome.
The address is 74 Mill Road City Centre.
Would you like to book a table, if so how many are dining?
enjoy!
You are all set for Sunday.  The reference number is 7W544X5O.  Is there anything else I could help you with?
Here is restaurant-name reference number: MVMT06FY
Unfortunately there are restaurant-name tables available, please try another day or time slot.
There are restaurant-book people restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town: Charlie Chan, Rice House, or Golden House. Would you like me to book any of these?
I see several restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name area, one is mediterranean.   It is called restaurant-name Gardenia.
I have you booked at a British place in restaurant-name center of town. Restaurant One Seven, reference code 5K83E181.
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your dining experience.
OK, so you would like a Turkish restaurant. In what area would you like to eat?
Nandos is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of restaurant-name city and restaurant-name address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.  Anything else you need?
I have restaurant-book people matching restaurants.  Would you like more details on them?
They serve Italian food. The address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
I am sorry by Little Seoul wasn't available at that time. Is there another option for dining I can look up for you?
Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton
Booking was successful for that time! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Here is your reference number:  6BCI3XF8.
Ok! Your table for restaurant-book people at restaurant-name Varsity Restaurant has been booked for Tuesday at 20:00. You reference number is: 1EB89A0F
It's cb12bd. Anything else I can get you?
There are four restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurants located in restaurant-name centre. I recommend hk fusion. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Thanh binh can be reached at 01223 362456 and it is located at 17 magdalene street city centre.
Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Can I help you with anything else?
there are two Thai locations. Would you prefer a restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area or restaurant-area part of town?
I've booked La Raza for Monday at 20:00, for four people.  Your reference number is LD696IB9. The reservation lasts 15 minutes. 
The Little Seoul fits fits your price request. It is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Thank YOU. Enjoy your meal.
You are welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Good bye.
Peking Restaurant is a Chinese restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is restaurant-price range price range.  Do you need any additional information?
The golden wok serves Chinese food, is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Bye!
Unfortunately there are restaurant-name tables available at that time. Would you prefer a different time or perhaps a different day?
Their address is 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. Their phone is 01223 327908
Cote is a good restaurant-food restaurant. It is located at restaurant-name street city restaurant-area and its phone number is 01223311053. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
There are restaurant-book people options. What food type would you like?
Great, is there anything else I can do for you today?
The Nirala serves Indian 
Sure, how many people will be dining on what day at one time?
I have to options for Thai food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, Bangkok City and Sala Thong.
Pizza hut cherry hinton is located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, postcode C.B 1, restaurant-book people D.Y.
Did you want restaurant-name address for an Indian, Italian, or British restaurant?
Address is 59 Hills Road City Centre and phone number is 01462 432565
Do you have a preference on type of food?
Unfortunatly, I can not find anything available given your parameters.
I have nothing available for that day and time slot, can I book you another day or time slot at that restaurant?
You're welcome Have a nice day.
Your table is booked, ref# U0ZZRFL7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Enjoy your meal, let me know if I can help with any thing else.
You're welcome, goodbye
restaurant-name Gardenia's phone number is 01223 356354 and restaurant-name postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people L.L.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Awesome. Have a great day!
Yes, restaurant-name Missing Sock is listed as being in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
I'm sorry, but booking was unsuccessful. Could you try a different day or time?
The dojo noodle bar is at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and meets your criteria. What time would you like to book?
You're welcome. Do you need anymore assistance today?
I'm sorry bu there are restaurant-name other restaurants on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town that are listed as cheap. Can we try another part of town?
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name Moroccan restaurants located in restaurant-name Centre. Can I help you find something else?
sorry, there is restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area side. do you want another type of food or different part of town? 
There is one moderately priced British restaurant-name and one restaurant-price range restaurant. Do you have a preference?
Does restaurant-name Golden Wok sound good? I will need to know how many are in your party and what time you'd like a reservation.
There are 14 restaurants that are in restaurant-name restaurant-area area of town. What kind of food would you like?
I show dour restaurants that serve restaurant-food food. Three are located in restaurant-name restaurant-area and one is in restaurant-name North area. They are all  moderately priced. May I start by offering you restaurant-name Jinling Noodle Bar?
Have a nice day!  Thank you, goodbye.
Do you need anything else?
The Missing Sock serves restaurant-food food and is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town, at Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Would you like more information or a reservation?
That booking was successful, restaurant-name table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 4OQDTI8C. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The postcode for frankie and bennys is C.B. restaurant-book people restaurant-book people D.Y
Already booked. welcome
That would be restaurant-name Pizza Hut Fen Ditton, at Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Would you like a reservation?
You're welcome. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
Sure, there are lots of good European restaurants in town. Is there a price range that you prefer? 
How about Galleria? It serves classic European cuisine. Would you like me to book you a table?
You're welcome, enjouy your meal. 
There are restaurant-name Russian restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would you like something else?
I'm glad to be of service. Enjoy your dinner in Cambridge!
There are restaurant-book people restaurants serving restaurant-food food. Do you have a preferred area?
Is there anything else I can help you with today? 
restaurant-name is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and serving restaurant-food food, restaurant-name phone number is 01223727410 and postcode is CB43LF.  Is there anything I can help you with?
For how many people?
I was able to book a table for restaurant-book people at restaurant-book time on Sunday. Your reference number is MBC9E6AL. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Rice house has restaurant-price range food and is located at 88 Mill Road City Centre.  May I book a table for you?
Sure! The phone number to restaurant-name Taj Tandoori is 01223412299. Can I help you with anything else?
How about restaurant-name Galleria in restaurant-name town centre?  I could make a reservation for you if you wish.
There are a few, if you prefer British food, there is restaurant-name Grafton Hotel Restaurant, but if you want Indian food, There is one called Pipasha restaurant.
Here you go, 01223 248882, 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Anything else today?
Yes, Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Rajmahal is located at restaurant-book people Barnwell Road Fen Ditton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 244955. Will that be all?
How about Cocum? It's an restaurant-price range Indian restaurant-name on restaurant-name restaurant-area side.
There are restaurant-name restaurants that meet that criteria. Would you like to try another area of restaurant-name city?
Sure.  The number there is 01733553355.
Thanh Binh serves Vietnamese food and is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like more info on it?
Have a nice day!  Goodbye. 
It is not open then, perhaps another day, place or time?
Thank you for using our service, good bye.
There are restaurant-name Caribbean restaurants. Would you like something else?
Would you prefer a different type of food?
How about Bedouin, they serve African Cuisine.
I have restaurant-book people restaurants that meet your request.  Would you like information on any of them? I recommend you check out The Cambridge Chop House.
The phone number for restaurant-name is 01223 727410 and they are located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Can I help you with anything else today? 
There are five options that are in Centre part of town.
I found cotto, a restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name east. Do you like restaurant-name address and phone number? 
Okay. Enjoy your dinner.
Thanh Binh is a good restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range
May I recommend Bloomsbury Restaurant which is an International restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area and is moderately priced?
There are restaurant-name German restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like to make another query?
The phone number for Meghna is 01223 727410 and is located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton
I actually do not have knowledge of any restaurant-price range Australian restaurants in restaurant-name centre. There are some British restaurants I could inform you about.
Thanks for using this system and enjoy your meal! Goodbye!
I would recommend rajmahal, a nice restaurant-food place in restaurant-name restaurant-area .
I was able to make your reservation for 17:30. Your reference number is VGGQ2AP9. Is there anything else I can help you with?
curry prince and restaurant-name which both serve restaurant-food food. And restaurant-food hut fen ditton serves restaurant-food food.
Thank you for using  restaurant-name Cambridge restaurant-name system. Good bye,
There are 21 different restaurants that fit your criteria.  Is there a specific type of food you are looking for that could narrow down restaurant-name list?
Thank you for using our service, and I hope you enjoy your meal at Meghna. Goodbye!
I've booked it for that day on Saturday. Reference number 9PVIPW1Y. Anything else?
Goodbye
Do you have a particular food type in mind today?
Absolutely - restaurant-name Peking Restaurant is located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre, cb28nx. Can I help with anything else today?
The address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. The post code is cb21ab.
India House is a restaurant-name located at 31 Newnham Road Newnham on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town.  Is this restaurant-name place you are referring to?
there phone number is 01223352500 is there anything else i can help you with?
The missing sock's phone number is 01223 812660 and restaurant-name post code is C B 25, 9 A Q. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Their phone number is 01223 462354 and their address is 36 Saint Andrews Street. 
Have a nice day then!
My apologies.  I could not find any restaurants that serve International food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
What day and time are you looking to book your reservation?
Okay. Would you like to go to restaurant-name restaurant-area or restaurant-area part of town?
royal spice's address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton
Booking was successful.  Your reference number is  80S3HGAN..  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Frankie and Bennys is an restaurant-price range Italian eatery in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like any additional information about this restaurant?
Here is restaurant-name information you've requested for Cocum: 71 Castle Street City Centre, 01223366668, cb30ah
restaurant-name lucky star is a restaurant-price range price range, restaurant-area area restaurant-food restaurant-name
How about Sitar Tandoori, It's address is 43 High Street Cherry Hinton Cherry Hinton, their postcode is C.B 1, 9 H.X, and their phone number is 01223 249955.
I hope you enjoy your meal. Goodbye!
Absolutely, restaurant-name reference number is W92C2Z47. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
The address for Peking Restaurant is 10 Homerton street city centre. Is there any other information you require?
Okay great. I am glad I could be of help.
Let me provide you with a couple options, Charlie Chan- phone 01223 361763 or Golden House - phone 01842 753771
I was able to book you at another Italian place by restaurant-name name of Clowns Caafe, your reference number is BAOHHC1Z, is there anything else that i can assist with?
I'm sorry but I don't have any Austrian restaurants?  Would you like to try a different cuisine?
For what time please?
Bloomsbury Restaurant is moderately priced, and you can reach them at 0871 942 9180.
The most restaurant-price range would be Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop at 40270 King Street City Centre. Will that be all today?
You're welcome. Goodbye. 
You're welcome.  Have a good evening and enjoy.
The phone number for Nandos is 01223 327908. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Bye, and have a great time at nandos!
The address is 30 Bridge Street City Centre. 
Would you prefer Indian food or Italian food?
I would recommend you try Grafton Hotel Restaurant.  As requested it is in restaurant-name restaurant-area and serves British food. 
What type of food are you wanting at this restaurant?
Thanh binh serves restaurant-food food. They are located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Would you like more information? 
Nandos is a Portuguese restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
There are restaurant-book people restaurants meeting your criteria. What area and price range did you have in mind?
You are more than welcome!
La Mimosa, at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton, is restaurant-price range and serves restaurant-food food.
restaurant-name is located at 36 saint andrews street. Its phone number is 1223 462354 and restaurant-name postcode is CB23AR. Is there anything I can help you with? 
There are two Indian restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. What price range are you looking for?
Booking was unsuccessful.
can we  book another day or time slot?

Sure thing, your reservation number is 3BADCF9I. Anything else I can help with today?
That booking was successful. A reservation was made for restaurant-book people people at HK Fusion on Saturday at 11:15. Reference is ARWFXLDL. Can I help with anything else? 
That worked.  You have a table at restaurant-book time with reference number 2S4UXXS3.  Can I help with anything else today?
The address for Da Vinci Pizzeria is 20 Milton Road Chesterton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 351707.
The restaurant-name is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
There is Pizza Hut fen ditton. It's moderately priced. Would you like a reservation?
There are several restaurants that serve British food in this area. Cotto has great food in a restaurant-price range price range. It is located at 183 East Road City Centre.
Yes, there are two.  Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton serves Italian food while Restaurant Alimentum serves Modern European food.  Would you like any additional info on those or help finding something else?
Restaurant Alimentum's phone number is 01223 413000.
Thank you. Good bye!
Yes Don Pasquale Pizzeria has Italian food and is in restaurant-name center of town.
I have found one called The Missing Sock. Would you like restaurant-name information for it?
There are five Indian restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area in restaurant-name restaurant-price range range. May I recommend Tandoori Palace?
Yes, yu garden is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
There are restaurant-book people restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name west. Do you like restaurant-price range or restaurant-price range price range? 
Chiquito restaurant-name bar is at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and their phone number is 01223 400170.
There are 33 possible places that fit your request. For example, there is an restaurant-price range African restaurant-name in restaurant-name centre. Is this something you would be interested in?
There are restaurant-book people moderately priced restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town; Meghna, Prezzo, and Saint Johns Chop House. How else may I assist you?
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurants listed serving Christmas food.  Would you like to try a different kind of food? 
it's address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton, and phone number is 01733 553355.
Would you prefer restaurant-name restaurant-area or restaurant-area part of town?
There are restaurant-price range Italian restaurants in restaurant-area and south. Do you have a preferred area?
I booked you a table in kymmoy. They serve restaurant-food oriental cuisine. Your reference number is W8M1HZ59.
Thank you for using our system. Good Bye.
thank you and good dbye
OK,  you have a table for restaurant-book people at Cote onFriday night. Your reference number is ZWI39RV9. Can I help you with anything else today?
All right, enjoy your meal! 
The address is 14 -16 Bridge Street and restaurant-name postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people U.F  Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Gandhi has great food at an even better price! Should I book you a table here?
I'm sorry, but restaurant-name system doesn't have info for what you are looking for. Is there a different type of food you may want?
Your all set. Reference number is HKBDRN69. Anything else?
It is at 01223 315232.
La Margherita serves restaurant-price range restaurant-food in restaurant-name restaurant-area area.  It is located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, phone 01223 315232
Anatolia is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
No, I'm sorry there are not.  There are a number of other restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name centre?  Might you try a different cuisine?
De Luca Cucina and Bar is moderately priced and serves modern European food.
Okay, sure. Is there a certain part of town you're interested in visiting?
Happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your meal!
I'm sorry there are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants. Would you like something else?
Thank you, enjoy your meal.
I think Kohinoor, The Gandhi, or Mahal of Cambridge would all suit you. Would you like to book a table at one of them?
There address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton, it there anything else I can help you with?
I am sorry there are non in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range,I have a few in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range,would that be okay?
There are restaurant-name records matching your criteria. Would you like a different type of food or area?
The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill offers Modern European cuisine. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Booking was unfortunately unsuccessful. Can we try another day or time slot?
I have two that would be on restaurant-name restaurant-price range side. The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway and restaurant-name Peking Restaurant. Can I reserve a table for you at either of these?
I have a few more, restaurant-price range or expensive, which do you prefer I book?
I did not find any results. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
I found two in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. They are restaurant-name La Raza and restaurant-name La Tasca.
saint johns chop house serves restaurant-food food, is in restaurant-name restaurant-area area of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range
I am sorry, but there is not a table available at that time. Would you like to try a different restaurant?
I was able to successfully book at table for restaurant-book people at Peking restaurant-name for 11:15. Your reference number is WOK3FTDI. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Have a wonderful day!
Good bye. Thank you for contacting us.
Of course! You're all set at restaurant-name Restaurant Alimentum with reference number IA29XFXA. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome! Bye now! 
Yes, that worked. You are set for restaurant-book time and restaurant-name reference number is ABC08P2A.  Can I be of further assistance?
Their phone number is 01223448620. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Cote is an restaurant-price range French restaurant-name in restaurant-name city centre.
You as well, enjoy your meal!
My pleasure.  Goodbye.
The restaurant-name is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area area. Would you like to make a booking today?
There are restaurant-name restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town serving restaurant-food type food.
I'm sorry that isn't available.  Can I try a different restaurant-name for you?
The address for restaurant-food hut fen ditton is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.  Can I help you with anything else? 
There are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name city. Can I help you with a different type of cuisine? 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : H9SV1U6G.
Their phone number is 01223 315232.
Yu Garden is at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode C.B 5, restaurant-book people P.A. The phone number is 01223 248882.
sure, their address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, C.B 5, restaurant-book people P.A
Reference number is : TXBU904T.
You should definitely try Cocum.  Can I reserve a table for you?
I show two restaurant-food restaurants. Cote and Restaurant two two. 
You are welcome Good Bye
Would you like restaurant-name Nandos in restaurant-name restaurant-area or centre? 
You're welcome! Goodbye.
Enjoy restaurant-name rest fo your day
I can book reservations for a restaurant-food in restaurant-name restaurant-area area that meets your needs
The Nirala is a great moderately priced Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. They are located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I have 9 restaurants in restaurant-name cetre that are Indian. Do you have a price range?
Ok I have booked you at Bedouin on Tuesday at restaurant-book time for restaurant-book people people.
Thank you and have a nice time at Curry Garden!
Not sure about fancy, but if you are looking for restaurant-price range we have restaurant-name hotel restaurant, yu garden, royal standard, restaurant-name restaurant, and sitar tandoori. 
I was able to successfully book that for you, restaurant-name reference number is 8JKPEA74.  Can I assist with anything else?
The rice house if booked full for that time. I could try restaurant-name Charlie Chan, or restaurant-name Golden House for you, if you wish.  
restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like their location? 
Not in that criteria, perhaps another area or price range?
All right, enjoy your meal!
You're welcome.  Anything else I can help you find?
Graffiti is an restaurant-price range British restaurant-name in restaurant-name west.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Great! Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
Yes, there are four options.  Two are moderately priced and two are expensive.  Do you have a preferred price range?
I have a great restaurant-food restaurant-name if you care to try it. It's called Nando's City Centre. Or if you prefer, I have anything from restaurant-food to restaurant-food as well.
Of course, let me help you with that. In which area of town would you like to eat?
The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road
I have one in restaurant-name restaurant-area called Saint Johns Chop House. Would you like  a reservation here?
How about restaurant-name varsity restaurant, they are located at 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre, postcode C.B 2, restaurant-book people A.R, phone number is 01223 356060.
So happy we could be of service today. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Okay, I've booked you a reservation and your reference number is BNS85603. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for choosing restaurant-name Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Thank you for using our system today!
The lucky star is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
I have booked restaurant-name table for Sunday, restaurant-name reference number is 1XGV4VGP. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
The chiquito restaurant-name bar is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like their location? 
The reference number is 5WHDPGHW..  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
The address for Bloomsbury restaurant-name is Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street and restaurant-name phone number is 0871 942 9180.  Can I help you with anything else?
The address for Royal Spice is Victoria avenue Chesterton and restaurant-name post code is C.B 4, restaurant-book people E.H. Royal Spice is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
I am sorry. There are restaurant-name person food eateries in restaurant-name centre. Would you like to find a different type of food? 
It is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name restaurant-name
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area that serve restaurant-food food. Can I look for something else?
The Curry Prince restaurant-name is in restaurant-name restaurant-area and is moderately priced. Their phone is 01223566388.
I have one place that would be good for you, would you like me to start booking ?
I will make a booking for you at hk fusion, but I do need to know what day and time you prefer, and for how many people.
Did you say you also needed a taxi to restaurant-name restaurant?
What food type are you looking for?
The Nirala serves Indian food, it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, and it is on restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. The phone number is 01223 360966.
That is a great restaurant-price range restaurant-name located in restaurant-name city centre.  Would you like a reservation?
Postcode: C.B 2, restaurant-book people A.B, phone number is 01223 312598
Okay, great! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Royal Spice is a restaurant-price range restaurant-name on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town.  Would you like their address?
I have 33 restaurants that meet your requests.  Can you tell me what kind of food you are looking for?
There are two restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you prefer Portuguese of Chinese?
Royal Spice is an Indian restaurant-name on restaurant-name North part of town and it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. The phone number is 01733 553355 and restaurant-name address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton.
Their phone number is 01223 247877.
Unfortunately I was not able to book that restaurant.
There is a restaurant-price range Mediterranean restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area area of town. It is called The Gardenia.
Great news I was able to book you into there and restaurant-name reference number is 2HILQZBF.
Bedouin is located at 100 Mill Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223 367660.
Da vinci pizzeria serves is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like their location? 
Ok. Is there a specific restaurant-name you are looking for?
Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge restaurant-name system. Good bye.
There are two restaurants that are in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like Portuguese or Chinese food?
Sure, I'm here to help you. Bye!
I cannot find any restaurants matching your request. Can I find something else for you instead?
It is an restaurant-food restaurant-name and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 412430.
restaurant-name varsity restaurant-name and bloomsbury restaurant-name are in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Which one would you like?
I'm glad we could help. Thank you!
The cow restaurant-food kitchen and bar serves Gastropub food.  Their address is Corn Exchange Street in restaurant-name restaurant-area area.
There are two restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you prefer a restaurant-price range or restaurant-price range option?
royal spice is a restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name north.
There is La Margherita and Prezzo. Which one were you looking for?
Would you prefer British, Indian, or Chinese food, or a gastropub?
Peking Restaurant's phone number is 01223 354755. Is there anything else I can help you with?
there is Bangkok city which serves Thai food. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, La Raza is a restaurant-price range priced Spanish restaurant-name in restaurant-name centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
There are two restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  La Margherita is an Italian restaurant-name and Thanh Binh is a Vietnamese restaurant.  Would you like restaurant-name phone number for one or both of those?
Golden Wok is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant-name in North.
There is not a Caribbean restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like a different restaurant?  
Little Seoul is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill is a modern European restaurant-name that looks like restaurant-name least restaurant-price range option available.  It is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.  How does that sound?
Thank you.
I was able to book a table for you at Charlie Chan Chinese restaurant-name on Regent Street.  Reference number Z3FWSA48.  Will that be all?
I was able to book restaurant-name table for you for your party of restaurant-book people on Sunday at 17:15. The reference number is Z16ZTXKY.
Yes, it is expensive. Are you interested in booking a table there?
Would you prefer restaurant-food or modern restaurant-food food?
You are welcome! Have a nice day.
Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge restaurant-name system, goodbye.
There is one restaurant-price range Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name north, Royal Spice. Would you like to make a reservation? 
Which restuarant do you want to book at?
There are several moderately priced restaurants.  Do you have a preference to restaurant-name area of town? 
Sure they are located at Regent Street City Centre. would you like me to book you there?
Yes. Kymmoy is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name serving restaurant-food oriental food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
If you'd like a reservation I will need to know what day and time you'd like your reservation and how many will be in your party.
I'm sorry but I do not have a listing for that.
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants listed in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like to try something else? 
There are many restaurant-price range restaurants in town. Is there a particular area or type of food you are looking for?
Unfortunately there is nothing available for restaurant-book time on Sunday. Would another date or time work for you? 
The address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 350688. Can I help you with anything else?
I have restaurant-book people restaurant-food restaurants and restaurant-book people restaurant-food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range on restaurant-name restaurant-area side. Is there a food type you prefer?
I'm showing three restaurants that fit that description. Are you interested in a particular area or price range?
Yu Garden is located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their number is 01223 248882. Also, their postcode is C.B 5, restaurant-book people P.A. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I can recommend Ask restaurant. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I have two restaurants that meet your needs, Graffiti and Travellers Rest. Would you like to make a reservation at one of those? 
There are two restaurants serving Mediterranean food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Your options are La mimosa or Shiraz restaurant.
Efes restaurant. Do you have any additional questions?
I found four British restaurants in restaurant-area and one in east.  Which area would be more convenient?
da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 milton road chesterton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 351707. 
You're welcome and thanks for your call today! Bye bye.
The booking was unsuccessful. Would like to book it at another time?
I have restaurant-book people that serve restaurant-food food and restaurant-book people that serves asian. 
I have several places, would you like me to try to book you into Curry Garden?
Unfortunately, I don't have any available listings that fit that type. Would you like me to try another type of cuisine or area of town?
I have two in restaurant-name centre, restaurant-name Backstreet restaurant-food and The Slug and Lettuce.  Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
Caffee Uno is located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre and restaurant-name phone number is 01223448620.
Yes there are many in my search for you,can I get what type of food you are looking to eat at restaurant-name restaurant?
There are ten restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area area, do you have a preference for price range?
I've booked you a table for restaurant-book people at restaurant-book time at Curry Prince. Your reference number is GE1NWVTX. Is there anything else I can help with today?
You're welcome, have a nice day!
Graffiti is a British restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.   Would you like their address?
So happy to help, and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo service today!
You don't need any other information? 
I was able to book you at restaurant-name oak bistro. Reference number K4QUY32N. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sala thong is a restaurant-food restaurant-name on restaurant-name restaurant-area side that is expensive. Do you want me to book it for you?
There are restaurant-name restaurant-price range restaurants that serve Polish food. 
Yes both are in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range
Indeed it is. Would you like for me reserve you a table?
Sure, either La Mimosa or Shiraz both serve excellent Mediterranean food.
Seems like I cannot make this reservation and should find another restaurant. Thank you
restaurant-name and restaurant-name restaurants are turkish.
I'm sorry, none of restaurant-name Chinese restaurants are available at that time. Is there another day or time that would work for you?
restaurant-food hut cherry hinton is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like more information for them? 
Unfortunately there are restaurant-name Jamaican restaurants in restaurant-name Centre area. Is there another area or food type that you would like?
Can I please get restaurant-name number of people dining,day,and time please.
Booking was successful, table will be reserved for 15 mins.
Reference number is : GVOKLI1A. Anything else?
I have restaurant-book people listings,can I get a price range you are looking for?
You as well! Goodbye! 
Certainly, bangkok city is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area area in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like their address?
I have restaurant-book people restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name centre. The restaurant-name or restaurant-name restaurant-name are both moderate. Would you like me to book one for you?
OK, I have your reservation booked. Your reference number is 0SAJLXK8. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Do you need any further information?
There is not a restaurant-name serving Japanese food. Would you like a different type food? 
Unfortunately there are now restaurants that meet those specifications. Would you like me to look for a different kind of food?
I'm sorry I have nothing listed matching your criteria. What about just Indian food?
There are restaurant-name restaurants that serve restaurant-food food. Are you interested in some other type of food?
da vinci pizzeria serves Italian food and is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton or royal spice serves Indian food and is on Victoria Avenue Chesterton
Thank you, goodbye. 
Is there an area of town or type of cuisine you have in mind?
I found two restaurants.  Would you prefer restaurant-food or restaurant-food food? 
The phone number is 01223 812660 and it is a restaurant-price range restaurant. 
How about shiraz restaurant?
Yes it is an Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name east.
Any particular type of food you're hankering for?
There are three restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name west. What price range are you considering?
I was able to find two restaurants that serve restaurant-food for you. I have backstreet restaurant-food and restaurant-name slug and lettuce, both located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
Thanh binh is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town
You are very welcome! Enjoy your meal! 
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurants serving restaurant-food food in your price range. Would you like to try something else? 
Thank you. Have a great day, goodbye.
There is an restaurant-food oriental restaurant-price range restaurants called Dojo Noodle Bar. Would you like to book there instead?
Yes thanh binh serves restaurant-food food and it is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town can i help you with anything else?
Sorry, restaurant-name restaurant-name can't accomodate you. Want to try another day or time?
You're welcome. Thank you for using restaurant-name sytem.
Thank you goodbye 
What type of food would you like?
Their address is 59 Hills Road City Centre and their phone number is 01462 432565.
Caffe Uno's telephone number is 01223 448620 and restaurant-name address is 32 Bridge Street City Centre.
Do you have a preference on restaurant-name price?
Okay, I've booked you at Little Seoul, a restaurant-food place that is restaurant-price range in restaurant-name centre, with reference number PTWG73V3. May I help with anything else?
there are two Indian restaurants, Royal Spice and The Nirala.
Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
There are five restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range category in that area. Would you prefer Mexican, Italian, Chinese, or Indian?
How does Ali Baba? I recommend it. Would you like for me to book a table?
Dojo Noodle Bar serves Asian Oriental. Their phone number is 01223 363471 and their address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
La Raza is located at 4-6 Rose Crescent, their postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people L.L
Sorry, restaurant-name restaurant-name doesn't have any openings for that date and time.
Great! There are a lot of tasty choices. Are you in restaurant-name mood for a specific type of food?
You are welcome. Have a nice day!
May I suggest Royal Spice, a restaurant-price range Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name north?  
Great! Please contact us again if you need anything else.
Where would like it to be located?
It was my pleasure. Have a great day!
There are British, Indian, Italian, International, and Chinese restaurant. Plus a gastropub.
Okay, I need some more information. Do you have a type of food or area where you would like to go?
Okay I put in a reservation for you at Saint Johns Chop House. The reference number is 5CTS8F6C. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
The booking was successful and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is KH5F18TN. Anything else I may assist you with?
restaurant-name missing sock is another restaurant-name there.  
Cambridge lodge restaurant-name is a restaurant-name that serves restaurant-food food. Would you like more information?
I'm sorry but there was restaurant-name availability for that time. Would you like to try another day or time?

Thank you bye
Great.  Da vinci pizzeria is a restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name north.  Would you like me to make a reservation there?
What price range would you like?
Da Vinci Pizzeria would be your only option in restaurant-name north. Would you like their address and phone number?
The Backstreet Bistro's address is restaurant-book people Sturton Street City Centre, postcode is C.B 1, restaurant-book people Q.A and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 306306.  Anything else I can help you with?
your welcome goodbye
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Thank you. Have a great day.
Prezzo is a moderately priced Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town. The phone number is 01799 521260.
I found 14 restaurant-price range Indian restaurants. What location do you prefer?
Would you like restaurant-name address for restaurant-name restaurant?
I'm glad we could help, and enjoy your luncheon at Alimentum. Have a wonderful day!
The Curry Prince in on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town and is in restaurant-name Moderate price range.
I can check for restaurant-food food or restaurant-food if you have a preference.
You're welcome, goodbye.  
The best match to your request is restaurant-name missing sock located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
Da Vinci Pizzeria is a restaurant-price range Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name north.  It's address is 20 Milton Road, Chesterton. 
You're welcome.  Goodbye.
Chiquito restaurant-name bar is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Golden Wok is a moderately priced Chinese food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Their number is 01223 350688.
Yes I have you booked for restaurant-book people people and your reference number is 1U0TF4XA.
Good bye. It was a pleasure to assist you.
There are four restaurants that serve European food. What part of town would you like?
Let us know if you need help, good day. 
You are welcome.  Good bye.
There are five restaurant-price range restaurant-food places in restaurant-name restaurant-area but i recommend panahar, would you like more info or a booking?
I found several. Would you care for a specific type of food?
There is a place called Nandos that specializes in Portuguese food on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town.
Do you have a certain price range?
That will be restaurant-name problem. We have 31 moderately priced restaurants in restaurant-name city. Is there a cuisine you'd prefer?
Yes, they are in restaurant-name restaurant-area area. 
Little Seoul serves Korean food in restaurant-name city's centre.  It is restaurant-price range but very classy.  Would you like to know more about it?
A reservation at restaurant-book time was successful at Graffiti. Your reference number is VCCP7L4M. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I was able to reserve that for you. Your reference number is 439GP4J5. Is there anything else I can assist you with? 
Sorry, but there is not space for restaurant-book people people. Can I search a restaurant-name in restaurant-name north?
I would recommend restaurant-name restaurant, a nice restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name east.
There are restaurant-name restaurants serving restaurant-food food.  Would you like to try something else? 
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 355166.
Golden wok serves restaurant-food food and is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
The Bedouin serves African food.
There is a fairly restaurant-price range Indian restaurant-name named Royal Spice in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
The postcode for that restaurant-name is cb17dy. Did you need anything else?
The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 277977. Can I find any further information for you?
Booking was successful at don pasquale pizzeria. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : OYESLS03.  Can I help with anything else?

restaurant-name is a nice place, it serves Portuguese food and it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, is there anything else? 
Happy to be of help, and I hope you enjoy your meal!
Can I recommend don pasquale pizzeria located on 12 Market Hill City Centre?
Restaurant one seven is also British cuisine, restaurant-price range priced, in restaurant-name center of town and they are able to accommodate your reservation. 
I apologize. I have checked all of restaurant-name restaurants in restaurant-name area and none of them can accommodate restaurant-book people guests at restaurant-book time on Sunday. Would a different day or time suffice?
Great. Glad I could help. Enjoy your meal. 
sure, restaurant-name is located at restaurant-name street city centre. Its phone number is 01223311053. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
There are 33 entries that meet your request.  Is there a type of food you are looking for?
I'm sorry, there is not a restaurant-food restaurant-name listed. Would you care to try something else? 
There are restaurant-name results for moderately priced Cuban food restaurants. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, could you try another day and time?
Their number is 01223 360966.
Kohinoor is a restaurant-price range Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would you like their address?
How many people are you booking for?
There are restaurant-book people restaurant-price range French restaurants. Restaurant Two Two, and Cote. Which would you like to book?
It is at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Do you need any other information.
There are 10 Chinese restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Is there a specific price range you would like?
There are restaurant-book people Turkish restaurants, restaurant-name Anatolia and Efes Restaurant. Would you like me to make a reservation at one of them for you?
The Curry Prince is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, and it is on restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Booking was unsuccessful would you like me to find another restaurant?
I don't see any Cuban restaurants in restaurant-name Centre. Would you like to look for Cuban restaurants in another location?
You are most welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
We have Curry Prince and Rajmahal. Would you like to book a table at either one of those?
I have 21 restaurants that fit that requirement. What type of food are you looking for? Or would you like my recommendation?
La Raza is located int he restaurant-area of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
There are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants, would you care for another type of food?
You're welcome. Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Yes, they are an restaurant-price range restaurant. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
What type of food are you interested in?
Enjoy your meal at restaurant-name rajmahal. Have a great day.
The restaurant-name is located at restaurant-book people Lensfield Road.
I have restaurant-book people different restaurant-food restaurants all over restaurant-name city. Is there a certain area you prefer?
la restaurant-name is an restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name area of restaurant-area in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. 
Do you need any further assistance?
I will look up a restaurant-price range restaurant-name on restaurant-name other part of restaurant-name town. 
I'm sorry I do not show anything available. Would you like to try something else?
Are you looking for a Danish restaurant?
You're very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Please let us know if there's anything else we can help you with.
No, restaurant-name Rice House is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like to try restaurant-name Ugly Duckling instead?
The address is 22 Chesterton Road. 
There are restaurant-name German restaurants available in restaurant-name west. Would you like to try a different area or different food type?
There are six restaurants that match that description. Can recommend one of them for you?
There are restaurant-book people restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name centre. One serves African, one serves Asian, and three serve British. Which would you prefer?
Nandos's address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 327908.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's great.  Glad we could help!  Goodbye.
is there any area you prefer!
Wagamama is located at 36 Saint Andrews Street, postcode cb23ar, phone 01223462354.  Do you need any further assistance?
You can choose between Mexican, Italian, Indian, and Chinese.
their address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton
Glad to be of service.  Goodbye.
Curry Prince's phone number is 01223 566388. Can I help you with anything else?
yes, restaurant-name restaurant-name is restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in restaurant-name north. It is located at restaurant-book people milton road chesterton and its phone number is 01223 360966. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
There are four restaurants that meet that criteria, one in restaurant-name north, one in restaurant-name west, and two in restaurant-name east. Which area would you prefer?
You're welcome. Goodbye!
Good bye!
Thank you. Have a good night, goodbye.
I was not able to find any Australian restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town
Yes sure I got you into Da Vinci Pizzeria and your reference number is IQA12P3U.
I have Restaurant One Seven located in Centre, phone number is 01223337766. Would you like for me to make a reservation for you?
Enjoy your day!
do you want curry prince ?
Would you like restaurant-name name, address and phone number of a few of them?
I am sorry there are restaurant-name others in that area,do you want me to check on another area?
The Vietnamese restaurant-name is called Thanh Binh and is located in restaurant-name CB30AF postcode. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I recommend taj tandoori. It is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Please tell me restaurant-name price range you would like today.
There are two options for you. Royal spice and da vinci pizzeria. Do you have a preference?
I cannot find any restaurants serving restaurant-food food. Do you have any other preferences? 
You're all set. I've got a table for restaurant-book people at restaurant-book time this Thursday. Your reference number is F3K2PQZZ.
Thank you.  Goodbye.
No, there are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants in town. Would you like a different restaurant? 
Ok. I have booked your reservation. The reference number is RBBHGYRV.
Ok, I have you booked at Graffiti on Tuesday at 17:45.
Is there a certain type of food that you would like?
You have a great day as well!
Their phone number is 01223 277977.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have found some. Would you like Italian, Chinese, Asian Oriental, Indian, or Spanish food?
Yes, restaurant-name address is Napier Street City Centre, restaurant-name postcode is cb11hr, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223357187.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : HNO7WYMG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you! Goodbye!
Great, I have a bunch of options for you. Do you have a certain area and price range you are looking for?
Grafton Hotel Restaurant is located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, in postal code C.B 5, restaurant-book people P.A. Would you like me to find any additional information?
da vinci pizzeria is a great choice! They are located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223351707
Of course. May I suggest Meghna, an Indian restaurant?
The address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. The phone number is 01223 323737.
I have made your reservation.  The reference number is S2AY04JF.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, I have restaurant-book people places. What about cotto?
Saigon City serves restaurant-food oriental and they are located in restaurant-name north, although they are quite expensive. Would you like restaurant-name address?
There are restaurant-name restaurants serving Singaporean food on restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Here is restaurant-name information you have requested. phone number is 01223 351707, and address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Will that be all?
Caffe Uno? Excellent choice! Would you like to make a reservation? 
There are a variety of restaurants that are restaurant-price range and are located in restaurant-name centre. Is there a food type that you are interested in?
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurant-food food restaurants on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town. Would you like another type of food?
I found one. It is called Nandos. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Prezzo is a moderately priced Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. It is located at 21-24 Northampton Road. 
Eraina in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town serves restaurant-price range restaurant-food food.
There is nothing else. Would you like to try another time?
The curry prince is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388.  Can I help you with anything else today? 
goodbye.
Eraina is a European restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area area.  Their address is St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre and phone number 01223 355166. 
How about Kymmoy? It's an Asian restaurant-name in Expensive price range, located in Centre area.
I was unable to book for that time, would you like to try something else?
Sorry, apparently that booking didn't clear. I got you a table at Travellers Rest instead. Reference number is: BRTYJSC8. Can I help with anything else?
Restaurant Two Two serves French food. Would you like restaurant-name location information?
Thanh Binh is a Vietnamese restaurant, it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, and it is on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town. Would you like restaurant-name address and phone number?
There are restaurant-book people restaurants that meet your criteria. Is there a particular price range you are wanting to stick with? There are two restaurant-price range ones and one restaurant-price range priced one.
Okay, great. I'm glad I could help. Have a great day. Goodbye.
What area are you looking for?
restaurant-name I am sorry I don't have anything but I'm sure I could find you something that is simply Italian.
The location is at Market Hill City Centre cb23nj restaurant-name phone number is 01223352607.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay.  Have a great meal!
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, restaurant-name postcode is CB17DY, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 412430.
restaurant-name address is 83 Regent Street, postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people A.W.
Yes, I have 3. Two are located in restaurant-name restaurant-area and one is located in restaurant-name east. Do you have a preference?
The Yippee Noodle Bar is a restaurant-price range priced Asian Oriental restaurant.  Does that sound good?
Your booking was successful. They will reserve your table for 15 minutes, and your reference number is Q9J4799I. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am sorry but there is restaurant-name Danish food available in Cambridge. What other food interests you?
There are several. Would you like to book a table to Panahar, or perhaps one of restaurant-name others?
There are restaurant-name such restaurants. Would you like to make another query?
No, there are none fitting that description, sir. Sorry about that.
I found 10 restaurants. Do you have a specific area or price range in mind?
I was able to get you a booking at restaurant-name one seven.  It is british. Will that one be good?
Glad to be of assistance. Have a great day! Bye.
Cambridge Lodge restaurant-name is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223 355166.
Little Seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre and their telephone number is 01223 308681.
Nandos City Centre, which is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, serves Portuguese food and they are in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. 
There are restaurant-name Lebanese restaurants in East. Do you have another food type you would be interested in?
There is five restaurants to your request.
The Lucky Star is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
bangkok city is a nice restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like their location? 
I was able to get a table at Hakka in restaurant-name north. The reference number is 7KW8MVL3 and they'll keep restaurant-name table for 15 minutes. Does that suit you?
They are located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton
Curry Prince serves Indian food and is on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town.
Okay. Glad I could be of help. Please call again.
I found Wagamama in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
curry prince serves restaurant-food food, in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
Royal Spice is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. 
The Nirala is a moderately priced restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town, and it serves Indian food. Would you like restaurant-name phone number?
How about eraina? 
There are quite a few restaurants. What cuisine would you like?
I have 2. The varsity restaurant-name and bloomsberry. Both serve restaurant-food food and are in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Do you have a preference?
No restaurants match that request. Can I search for something different for you?
There are restaurant-name restaurants serving Australasian food. Would you like something else? 
Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant-name in restaurant-name city centre, serving restaurant-price range food.
There are restaurant-name Malaysian restaurants in this area.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : TZPTJJA5.
How about Caffe Uno, they are in restaurant-name restaurant-area area. Their address is 32 Bridge Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 448620.
The phone number for Little Seoul is 01223 308681 and is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre
Da vinci pizzeria serves Italian food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and is in restaurant-name North part of town.
I was able to book restaurant-name restaurant, reference number is ZO0089US
first we have golden wok at 191 histon road chesterton c.b 4, 3.h l . it is restaurant-food and it's phone number is 01223350688. next we have an restaurant-food restaurant-name at restaurant-book people milton road chesterton c.b 4, 1.uy. it is called restaurant-name restaurant-name
There is one restaurant-name that is considered restaurant-price range and it is Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop. Would you like to book a table there?
I'm sorry but there are restaurant-name restaurants matching your criteria. Would you like a different style of food?
Yes, there are restaurant-book people restaurants that meet that criteria. I can recommend restaurant-name Eraina.
Your table at riverside brasserie is booked, one person at restaurant-book time on Saturday. Your booking reference is UZD82IFV. Can I help you with anything else? 
There are two results. Anatolia restaurant-name and Efes restaurant-name both server Turkish food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, it is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton in restaurant-name cb43le post code.  Can I help with anything else today?
I am sorry, I do not have any cheaply priced British restaurants in restaurant-name city.  Would you like a different type of food or maybe a different price range?
Unfortunately there are restaurant-name restaurants that serve Swiss food in this area. Would you consider trying a different cuisine?
cambridge lodge restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food  in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Yes.  Their address is 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. 
I'm sorry, there aren't any restaurant-price range Persian restaurants. Would you like me to check for a different type of food? 
I've found restaurant-book people restaurants in that area: Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge.
I found several restaurants meeting your criteria. Would you prefer indian, restaurant-food or restaurant-food food? 
City Stop is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of restaurant-name city, and serves European food. May I help with anything else?
It's my pleasure. Have a great day! Goodbye!
Thank you. Good-bye
The phone number for restaurant-name restaurant-name is 01223 360966.  Can I help you with anything else today? 
Enjoy!
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, Reference number is : VYSFHVFC.
You are very welcome. Good bye,
The phone number for The Missing Sock is 01223 812660.
Sure, bangkok city is located at 24 green street city restaurant-area and its phone number is 01223 354382. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Curry prince is a moderately priced restaurant-name serving restaurant-food food and located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Wagamama is a Japanese restaurant-name that's in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
The dojo noodle bar serves restaurant-food oriental food.  They are located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and their phone number is 01223 363471.  
Your reference number is FK3AREID.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference number is : P15GVV9V. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, they are. Should I book that for you?
What time would you like restaurant-name reservation to be for?
I've book you at lan hong house, located at 12 Norfolk Street City Centre. Your reference number is XPQ6J119. 
The Curry Prince is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name moderatre price range. The address for restaurant-name Curry Prince is, 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The phone number is 01223 327908 and restaurant-name postcode is C.B 1, restaurant-book people D.Y
The address is at Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 577786. The restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : PJ7X1NHS.
I'm sorry there are restaurant-name restaurant-price range restaurants n that area. Would you like to change your price range or area?
Booking was unsuccessful.   Would you like me to look at another location?
I apologize, there are restaurant-name restaurants in restaurant-name area that serve restaurant-food food. Would you like another type of food?
The restaurant-name Saint Johns Chop House is restaurant-name only restaurant-name to your specifications with a restaurant-price range pricing. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Their phone number is 01223 355166.
The phone number for restaurant-name restaurant-name is 01223366552, would you like me to book you a table? 
There is not a restaurant-name serving Irish food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like another restaurant? 
Your welcome, is there anything I could help you with?
No, there are none. Is there another type of food you would liked to try?
Sure, how about dojo noodle bar postcode cb21rq and 01223363471 phone number. Would you like a reservation?
I can book you a table for restaurant-book people at restaurant-name restaurant-name restaurant.
Great. Have a great restaurant-food meal!
Bloomsbury restaurant-name has restaurant-name C.B 2, restaurant-book people D.T postcode.
The Lucky Star is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I found several places serving European food.  Do you have a preference as to restaurant-name location? 
I could try Little Seoul, which is Korean, or possibly HK Fusion Chinese. If you want.  Would you like me to?
No, I'm afraid Indian or Italian are restaurant-name only options. 
unfortunately there are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name north, do you want to change an area to look for ?
The river bar restaurant-food and grill is good but cheap. Would you like their address or phone number?
Cambridge lodge restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food, their phone number is 01223 355166 and address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre
Anatolia serves Turkish food in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would you like their phone number?
Restaurant alimentum is restaurant-name other restaurant-price range priced restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town
Sorry, unfortunately that time is not available. 
There are also Pizza Hut Fen Ditton, which is Italian, and Rajmahal which is Indian. 
Thank you. Goodbye. 
Have a wonderful day and enjoy your food.
restaurant-name I have one listing for an restaurant-food place called The Missing Sock. It is very popular. Would you like their telephone number?
You've been booked for 11:15. Do you need anything else?
I found Prezzo in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, would that work?
There is an restaurant-price range Mexican restraunt in restaurant-name restaurant-area area of town called chiquito restaurant-name bar. Is that fine?
That booking was made for Friday for a party of restaurant-book people at 12:00. Was that correct?
Restaurant alimentum has gotten good reviews!
There are restaurant-book people options in Cambridge for restaurant-price range European food. restaurant-book people in restaurant-name North, restaurant-book people in restaurant-name West and restaurant-book people in Cambridge Centre.
I have restaurant-name oak restaurant-food they serve restaurant-food food.
Would you like for it to have a certain number of stars? 
I was unable to reserve a table at that time. Would you like me to find another restaurant?
Saigon City's address is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton  and its phone number is 01223 356555
The address is 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 315232.
I was unable to complete your booking. Would you like to try another day or time slot?
The phone number for Cotto is 01223 302010. Do you need any further assistance?
restaurant-name postcode is CB41JY is there anything else I can help you with?
We have four restaurant-price range Chinese restaurants. Are you interested in restaurant-name restaurant-area or restaurant-area area?
We have three excellent options here. Do you prefer a restaurant-price range pricerange or expensive?
I have an Asian restaurant-name called Kymmoy that is in restaurant-name same price range. Would you be interested?
Which one do you prefer? Da vinci pizzeria or Royal Spice? 
restaurant-name is restaurant-name only restaurant-name i can find in restaurant-name restaurant-area that serves portuguese. 
I'm sure it will, bye!
Here is restaurant-name address you are looking for, Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road.
restaurant-name river bar restaurant-food and grill is located at quayside off restaurant-name street and its phone number is 01223307030. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
thank you for using our system. good bye 
Of course.  Da vinci pizzeria is at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, and restaurant-name number is 01223 351707.  
Grafton hotel restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
I am sorry I have restaurant-name listings for that type of restaurant, is there any other type of food you would like? 
Ok, I have booked a table at Anatolia for restaurant-book people people on Monday at 14:15.
There are two restaurants that serve Portuguese food and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like restaurant-name center or restaurant-area area?
Their phone number is 01223 327908 and address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Will that be all?
The Curry Prince serve's Indian food, may I help you with anything else?
There are restaurant-name restaurant-price range Corsica eateries, would you like to try another criteria?
I show 3. they are in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. restaurant-book people are in restaurant-name restaurant-area and restaurant-book people is in restaurant-name east. May I book a table for you?
My apologies, it seems that this particular booking is unavailable. Would you like to book a different time or day?
I have 33 options for you, is there a particular cuisine that you are interested in?
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is located at 40270 King Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 505015.
For which would you like more information, restaurant-name Royal spice, or restaurant-name Da Vinci Pizzeria.
sorry i cannot find any restaurant-food restaurants. can i offer you something else?
How about Pipasha restaurant, they serve restaurant-food food, and their phone number is 01223 577786. Their address is Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their postcode is C.B 5, restaurant-book people P.A
Yes. Bedouin serves restaurant-food food and is is located in restaurant-name centre. 
Thank you goodbye!
I was unable to book this restaurant. would you like to try another one?
good bye
Okay, got it. Your table has been reserved. The reference number is U2OY8B4T.
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is a moderately priced restaurant-name that's in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
The Yippee Noodle Bar would be perfect.  Can I book a table for you?
La Mimosa's phone number is 01223 362525. May I help you with anything else?
Eraina is an an upscale restaurant-name serving European food.
Unfortunately, they are fully booked during that time slot. Would you like me to try for a different time or day? 
The Ali baba restaraunt serves restaurant-food food and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
I'm sorry, there aren't any restaurant-price range Australian restaurants in town. Would you like me to look for a different restaurant-name type? 
Great, I booked you at restaurant-name Yippee Noodle Bar and your reference number is NE9Y6864.
cambridge lodge restaurant-name is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and it is serving restaurant-food food. Is there anything else I can help you with?
There are five restaurants matching your request. What kind of food would you like?
We have four restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price serving restaurant-food food, can I help you with anything else?
No problem. I'm here to help. Goodbye!
The restaurant-name river bar restaurant-food and grill is restaurant-price range and serves modern restaurant-food food
A table has been booked and will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is 67II8018. May I help you with anything else?
restaurant-name hotel restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food, in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in restaurant-name east. would you like to know restaurant-name address and  phone number? 
Booking unsuccessful. Would you like to try another restaurant? 
Unfortunately Eraina is not available at that time. Would you like to try restaurant-name City Stop Restaurant?
There is The Gardenia if you're looking for a restaurant-price range restaurant.
Enjoy your meal and do not hesitate to call back if you need further assistance.
Neither are available at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
There are 9 restaurants that meet your criteria. Want to try Yu Garden on 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton or a different one?
La Margherita is an Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town that is cheap. Would you like their address and phone number?
Unfortunately, they are all full at that time. Would you like me to try another restaurant?
You are very welcome. Would you like restaurant-name address for restaurant-name restaurant?
Thank you for using this system and please call us again. Goodbye.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is C3NR2DW2. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ali baba is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range in restaurant-name Centre part of town. 
There are five venues serving European food. What price range do you want?
There are restaurant-name Caribbean restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would you like something else?
There are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants listed.  May I direct you toward another restaurant? 
Thanks for using our services.

bedouin 100 Mill Road City Centre
Thank you. Goodbye.
The address is King Street City Centre, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 500005. Will there be anything else?
There is one, shall I book it for you?
Thank you, Goodbye!
I was able to book you into restaurant-name Curry Garden, an restaurant-price range Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name city center and your reference number is DHF9VBTS.
Sala Thong is located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham and their phone number is 01223 323178. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Sure.The address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre, postcode cb23pp, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223566188. Can i book a table for you?
Okay, Meghna's phone number is 01223 727410 and they are located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'm sorry I can't find any restaurant-food food restaurants located in restaurant-name centre. 
Okay. Glad I could help.
their phone number is 01223 350688 and their address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton
Ask is a restaurant-price range restaurant-name serving Italian food in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.  The address is 12 Bridge Street City Centre, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 364917.
I am sorry they don't have an open table at that time. I can book a table at lan hong house. 
I have 69 places, which type of food would you like or price range?
Goodbye and have a nice day.
Certainly.  The address for Rajmahal is restaurant-book people Barnwell Road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 244955. Is there anything else I can help you with today? 
There are three, moderately priced restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Do you have a preference of cuisine?
The address to Nandos is 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. It servers Portuguese food and is in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.Is there anythig else I can help you with?
No, there are restaurant-name restaurants in restaurant-name center of town serving Halal food.
No, there are only restaurant-book people restaurants in restaurant-name area. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, restaurant-name phone number is 01223 311053.
There are two moderately priced restaurants in restaurant-name north, an Italian restaurant-name and a Chinese restaurant. Would you like more information?
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. The postal code is CB17DY and restaurant-name phone number is 01223400170.
There are nine Italian restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town!  Are you looking for an Italian restaurant-name in any particular price range?
Restaurant alimentum serves modern restaurant-food food, and peking restaurant-name serves chinese. 
Their address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Yes I have several Indian restaurants if you are interested.
Ask is an Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range priced category, and is restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
Yes I have several options for you. Do you have a preferred prices range you are looking for?
Peking Restaurant is a Chinese restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. The price range is restaurant-price range and restaurant-name address is 10 Homerton Street city Centre
Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day.
little seoul is in restaurant-name restaurant-area and serves restaurant-food food
As far as cheaper restaurants, I only have one available that's located in restaurant-name east. It's called restaurant-name Missing Sock and serves restaurant-food food. Would you like more information?
Sure.  Tandoori is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton in postcode cb43le.  Their phone number is 01223506055.  Can I book it for you?
How about shanghai family restaurant?  Its number is 01223 301761.
There are restaurant-name Irish restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like something else?
I can book at zizzi bambridge at restaurant-book time on Tuesday for restaurant-book people people.
I can get a table for you at da vinci pizzeria. This is restaurant-name only other place to eat in that area. Reference number is W6MFU6XD.
There is Pizza Hut Fen Ditton, their phone number is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and postal code is C.B 5, restaurant-book people W.R.
There is Cambridge Lodge Restaurant in restaurant-name West area. Their phone number is 01223 355166. Can I help you with anything else?
Pipasha Restaurant is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range category and serves Indian food. It is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
There are restaurant-book people entries for Italian food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Is there an Area of town that works best for you North, Centre, or West?
I'm sorry, we do not have any Swiss restaurants available.  Do you want to try a different type of food? 
Does restaurant-name price range matter to you?
You're very welcome. Feel free to call us again in restaurant-name future. Have a nice evening. 
The phone number is 01223 566188.
Sure.  There are 17 restaurant-food restaurants in town.  Are you looking for a certain price range or location?
Sala Thong is a restaurant-name that serves Thai food
you are welcome goodbye
It looks like there are restaurant-name German restaurants in restaurant-name city. Would you like me to check for a different type of restaurant?
La Tasca serves Spanish food and is located in restaurant-name town restaurant-area and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.   
I have about restaurant-book people restaurants in that area. What kind of food would you like them to serve?
They are in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. 
The phone number for La Tasca is  01223 464630. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Would you prefer European or modern European food?
I find restaurant-book people restaurants matching your request.
I booked you at Curry Queen. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is C06RJUNL.
I'm sorry there are restaurant-name restaurant-price range French restaurants in restaurant-name central area.
The only restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area serve Asian Oriental, Chinese, European, French, Indian or Italian food. Would you like to change to one of those?
City stop's post code is cb41uy and they can be reached at 01223363270. Would you like a reservation? 
There are restaurant-name other Spanish places in that area, another area or type perhaps?
La restaurant-name an restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Their address is 15 magdalene street City Centre
There are restaurant-name Mediterranean location in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. However there is an International place call restaurant-name Bloomsbury restaurant. 
Do you have a price ranger preference? 
There is a restaurant-price range Italian restaurant-name at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, or one that serves Indian food at Victoria Avenue Chesterton.
I would recommend restaurant-name oak restaurant-food located in restaurant-name Centre. Will this work for you? 
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your meal!
You're welcome. Thank you for using restaurant-name system.
I cannot complete this booking. Would you like to find another restaurant?
The address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.
I can't seem to find a table that is available at that time. Would you be interested in trying a different day or a different time slot?
Fitzbillies restaurant-name serves British food. Would you like more information about this location?
Yes, all three are in restaurant-name restaurant-price range range.
There are restaurant-name restaurants that serve Cantonese food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
The post code is C.B 1, restaurant-book people D.Y . Is there anything else I can do for you ?
Okay I was able to book you then at The Slug and Lettuce and your reference number is FSOF58OO.
Alright, thank you. Goodbye.
i'm sorry, but I cannot find any restuarant serving restaurant-food food . Can i help you find something else ?
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre! Goodbye!
I found Da Vinci Pizzeria is a restaurant-price range restaurant-name in restaurant-name north. Would you like me to make a reservation?
You're more than welcome. May I do anything else for you today?
I have many to choose from. What about The Saffron Brasserie?
We have nine Indian restaurants in restaurant-name centre, with prices ranging from restaurant-price range to expensive. Do you have a preference?
La Margherita is an Italian restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  
I'm sure I can. We have 17 restaurant-food restaurants. Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
Prezzo is a moderately priced restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like their phone number?
I would recommend you curry prince, an restaurant-food place in restaurant-name restaurant-area with restaurant-price range price range .
Yes I found a perfect fit for you. Wagamama is a Japanese restaurant-name that serves restaurant-price range food in restaurant-name center of town. Would you like their address and telephone number?
Thank you. Enjoy your meal.
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye  
I have about restaurant-book people different ones to offer you. I have restaurant-food food, french, restaurant-food and restaurant-food oriental. Do you prefer a certain cuisine?
Alright. Thank you for calling.
I'm sorry I do not have any Japanese restaurants in that price range. I do have one restaurant-price range listing. Would you be interested in that?
Your welcome, Have a good day
it is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town
da vinci pizzeria can be reached at 01223351707 and is located at 20 milton road chesterton
There are 33 restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name center of town. Which cuisine type would you prefer? 
Peking Restaurant is an restaurant-price range Chinese restaurant-name that is located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I have that booked for you and here is your reference number: XDYJMTO7. Is there anything else?
restaurant-name is an restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, restaurant-name address is 33 restaurant-name street and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 356666
The Hakka also serves Chinese food and is on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town. Their phone number is 01223 568988. Is there anything else I can help you with.
There are restaurant-book people restaurants Eraina is available in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
There are many Chinese restaurants to choose from. Do you have a preferred area of town?
You're welcome. Let us know if we can help you with anything else. 
Have a great time.  Good bye.
Thank you goodbye
la raza's area is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town
The restaurant-name is located at restaurant-book people milton road chesterton. Its phone number is 01223 360966 and restaurant-name postcode is CB41UY. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Da Vinci Pizzeria is a restaurant-name serving Italian food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like any additional information?
Sure, restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area and its phone number is 01223 327908
The phone number for thanh binh is 01223 362456.  May I help you with anything else today? 
How about Eraina, which serves European food and is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range?
The Dojo Noodle Bar in in restaurant-name centre.  It serves Asian Oriental food.  Can I reserve that for you?
thank you for using our system.
I have two choices in that area and price range.  Would you prefer Italian or Vietnamese?
Booking was successful at Rajmahal.  your reference number is Z1827CKB.   Is there anything else I can assist with?
I made a reservation at De Luca Cucina and Bar. The reference number 0PLZ0ISE.
restaurant-name hotel restaurant-name is located at restaurant-name hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 241387. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Sala Thong is quite expensive. The address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham and phone number is 01223 323178. Can I help you with anything else?
No problem, have a good time. Good bye.
Goodbye and enjoy your meal!
There are two moderately priced restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, Golden Wok, a Chinese restaurant, and The Nirala, an Indian restaurant. Would you like more information on either of these?
That was unsuccessful. Would you like another day or time slot?
Thank you for using out system. Good bye.
Their address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
Thanks!
Booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try a different time of place?
la tasca is located at 14 -16 Bridge Street and restaurant-name postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people U.F.  Their phone number is 1223 464630.  May I help you with anything else? 
I was able to book you at hk restaurant-food on Sunday. Reference number 5UP22RA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Your table has been reserved at for restaurant-book people at restaurant-book time on Tuesday. The reference number is  IE3WWFDN.
The phone number is 01223 244955.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Their phone number is 01223 362456. How else may I assist you?
No, I'm sorry. Would you prefer a restaurant-price range restaurant-food in restaurant-name north, or some other qualifications? 
You are all set for a party of restaurant-book people on Saturday at Saigon City, reference #3IB3PPD0.  Is there anything else I could help you with today?
Alright. Have a good day.
Your table is reserved. Your reference number is U60SC89J. May I help you with something else?
Bangkok City's phone number is 01223 354382 and their postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people J.X. Can I help you with anything else?
you're welcome
That's all, enjoy your meal.  
Golden Wok is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town, serves restaurant-food food and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.   Their phone number is 01223 350688.
I'm sorry but I have nothing listed. Is there another type of food you might be interested in?
I apologize, but it appears restaurant-food with restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range does not have any result.
Sure, we have many good options. What cuisine type do you prefer? 
How about Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton. It serves Italian food, is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, and in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Sure, there are quite a few British restaurants in restaurant-name centre. Would you prefer something restaurant-price range or moderately priced?
The address is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode cb58wr. Anything else?
I'm sorry, there aren't any middle eastern restaurants. Is there another type of food you'd like to try? 
I found three Chinese restaurants in restaurant-name centre: Charlie Chan, Rice House and Golden House. Would you like me to book you a table?
thank you. good bye.
There is one restaurant-name called restaurant-name that fits your needs. 
There are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar serves Gastropub food and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Yes, restaurant-name restaurant-name serves mediterranean.   Would you like their phone number?
Backstreet Bistro is a restaurant-food located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.   
I am sorry, there is restaurant-name such restaurant-name match your request. Would you prefer another area or another type of food? 
There are restaurant-book people restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like Italian or Vietnamese food?
Yes. Would you like an expensive, restaurant-price range or moderately priced restaurant?
The Royal Standard is located at 290 Mill Road City.
You are booked at The Lucky Star.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, Reference number is : EXU13ZFQ.  Can I help further?
I'm sorry. There is not a restaurant-name meeting those criteria.  Would you like to try something else? 
The post code is C.B 2, 1.D P .  
There are 14 restaurants in restaurant-name west. Are you looking for a particular cuisine? 
Okay. I was able to book your table. Your reference number is WS8R5J04. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Jinling noodle bar, Lan Hong House, and Shanghai Family Restaurant are all in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
How about Curry Prince, which is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and serves Indian food?
There are two restaurants. One located in restaurant-name North area and Centre area. Which one would you prefer?
saint johns chop house phone number is 01223 353110 and is located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street
There are restaurant-name Malaysian restaurants on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town.
No problem.  Happy to help.
There are restaurant-name results matching your query. Would you like to change your query?
There are two restaurants serving Thai food. Is restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range okay for you?
Thanh Binh serves Vietnamese food.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day! 
There are restaurant-name restaurants matching your requests.  May I help you find a different type of restaurant? 
Royal spice is located at victoria avenue chesterton and its phone number is 01223 360966. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Their phone number is 01842753771. Is there anything else I can help you with?
We have 21 of those, including those serving restaurant-food food and many other types.  Can you narrow it down some?
Ok.  I was able to book restaurant-name on restaurant-book day at restaurant-book time for restaurant-book people people.  Your reference number is LTZ2TPIA.  Can I help you with anything else?
Pizza Hut City Centre is listed as an Italian restaurant, yes. They are located at Regent Street City Centre in postcode cb21ab. Can I help you with anything else today?
Glad we could help. Please contact us again if you should have further questions or need a booking. Thank you.
thanh binh's address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre
Curry Prince is a moderately priced restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town that serves Indian food.
Yes, La Raza serves Spanish food.  Would you like their phone number?
Yes, there are restaurant-book people Chinese restaurants that are moderately priced. restaurant-book people in restaurant-area and one in north.
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another restaurant?
It's located at restaurant-name Grafton Hotel restaurant.  The phone number is 01223 241387, and restaurant-name postal code is C.B 5, restaurant-book people P.A.
I'm sorry, that time is not available at Kohinoor. Would you like me to find another restaurant-name for you?
I found three located in restaurant-name restaurant-area and one on restaurant-name east. Which would you prefer? 
There are quite a few restaurants in restaurant-name center.  What kind of cuisine are you interested in?
Do you have any preference regarding price range?
How about Da Vinci Pizzeria? It is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 351707.
Nandos address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and thier post code is C.B 1, restaurant-book people D.Y
Does restaurant-name price range matter?
The Missing Sock is a restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area side. Would you like restaurant-name address or phone number?
I would love to help! how many people?
Yu Garden is a Chinese restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Their address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, phone number 01223 248882 and postcode C.B 5, restaurant-book people P.A.
Okay I booked a table for restaurant-book people at restaurant-book time on Saturday at restaurant-name Graffiti, an restaurant-price range British restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area area of town. 
What kind of food are you interested in?
Chiquito restaurant-name bar is located at 2G Cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton. Its phone number is 01223 400170 and restaurant-name postcode is CB17DY. Is there anything else I can help with? 
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton is restaurant-name only restaurant-price range Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name east.  Would you like a reservation?
Saint Johns Chop House serves restaurant-food food .
Dojo Noodle Bar is an Asian Oriental restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
I got a table for you at cotto. Your reference number is GA03MU3U. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I found 33 restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name centre. What type of cuisine would you like?
Ok for what day and time please?
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurants in restaurant-name city that serve Malaysian food.  Can I help you find another restaurant?
You're welcome. May I help with another query?
Thanks for calling. You have a great day!
I am sorry but restaurant-name Golden House was not available on Sunday at 12:00. Can I find another restaurant-name for you perhaps?
The phone number is 01223 277977. 
Their address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and their postcode is C.B 1, restaurant-book people D.Y. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you for using our system. Goodbye.
da vinci pizzeria's phone number is 01223 351707.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay great! Enjoy your lunch.
I have found two that may work. first, la restaurant-name is at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, phone is 01223 315232. second one serves restaurant-food at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre, number is 01223 362456
I am sorry this restaurant-name is booked would you like to try a different place?
There are restaurant-book people restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name centre, including a Pizza hut. Do you have any preferences?
The phone number for La Mimosa is 01223 362525, and restaurant-name postcode is CB58AQ.
Unfortunately I wasn't able to get that reservation. Would you like to try somewhere else?
Enjoy your meal and have a great day!
How about Tang Chinese? They are an restaurant-price range Chinese restaurant-name at Napier Street City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
The address of The Missing Sock is Finders Corner Newmarket Road and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 812660. May I help you with anything else today?
I have reserved your table for 4.  Your reference number is SSVF0E1R.  Can I assist you with anything else today?
The address of restaurant-name Curry Prince is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 566388.
I found three in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and one in restaurant-name north. Which area do you prefer?
There are 33 restaurant-price range resturants in restaurant-name city center.  We could narrow it down more by food type. What type of food would you like?
thank you good bye 
You're very welcome! Have a nice day!
You're welcome and if you need anything else feel free to contact us. 
I have you at Jinling Noodle bar then, reference is OCNH3CJJ. Anything else you need?
Hello. What type of food are you looking for? There are 21 locations that fit these criteria. 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 3AYRGABE.
You're welcome. Good bye, and please come back to restaurant-name Cambridge restaurant-name system if you need further assistance.
There are restaurant-name Indonesian restaurants. May I search for something else?
I was able to get you a table for six at Rice House. The reference number is WY1LH16E. Can I help you with anything else?
darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is restaurant-name most restaurant-price range modern European restaurant.
We have two such restarants, de luca cucina and bar on Regent Street, and riverside brasserie on Mill Lane. Do you have a preference?
I have booked that for you and your reference number is S6VDPMW3. Is there anything else I can help you with?
stazione restaurant-name and coffee bar is a nice place.Do you want restaurant-name address ?
their phone number is 01223 354382 and address is 24 Green Street City Centre.
You're welcome.  Enjoy!
Yippee noodle bar serves restaurant-food oriental food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
good bye.
What area would you like restaurant-name restaurant-name to be located in?
That wasn't available.  Shall I try restaurant-name Shiraz Restaurant?
There does not appear to be availability at that time.  Would you like me to try another restaurant?  
I was able to get you in at Charlie Chan, another inexpensive Chinese restaurant-name in restaurant-name centre. Reference number P4K1B3X6. Can I help you with anything else?
There are restaurant-book people restaurants that serve British food, restaurant-name Graffiti and Travellers Rest. Would you like me to book one for you?
The Lucky Star is also a restaurant-price range restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  It serves Chinese food.
Grafton hotel restaurant-name is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town serving restaurant-food food. Would you like their location?  
Have a great time! 
The address for Golden Wok is 191 Histon Road Chesterton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 350688.
Thank you for using this system. Goodbye.
I'm sorry, but I'm not showing any results for restaurant-food food in our system.
Thank you and have a great day!
The postcode is Anatolia is C.B 2, restaurant-book people U.J.
Booked at cocum. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: 4FEC5K00. Anything else?
thank you  and good bye
restaurant-name missing sock is a restaurant-price range restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area .
Our pleasure. Please call again. Goodbye.
Yes! Yu Garden is a wonderful Chinese restaurant-name that will meet your needs. Would you like a table there, or perhaps just restaurant-name address?
There's restaurant-name resturant serving restaurant-food food. do you want something else ?
I'm sorry. I cannot find a restaurant-price range Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town. 
How about Charlie Chan? It is restaurant-price range and delicious.
Little Seoul's address is 108 Regent Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 308681.
You're all set. I have book a table for restaurant-book people at 10:30. Reference # 2801GMOP. Can I help with anything else?
I have restaurant-book people restaurants that meet your needs: The Varsity Restaurant on Saint Andrews St. and Bloomsbury Restaurant on Downing Street.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : NCHJ21BD.
There are restaurant-book people restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town that server British food. I would recommend restaurant-name Midsummer House Restaurant.
How does restaurant-name Rice House sound? It is a personal favorite.
Sure! I recommend travellers rest. Their postcode is cb30df. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Good bye
thank you. goodbye. 
Their phone number is 01223 412299 and their address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
I recommend restaurant-name restaurant-name alimentum at 152 - 154 Hills Road.
There are several restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like something in restaurant-name moderate, restaurant-price range or restaurant-price range price range? 
In which area would you like to look?
How about restaurant-name Curry Garden in restaurant-name city center?
Great, thank you for allowing me to help you today.
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, and it serves European food.
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name Korean restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Can I help you find anything else?
restaurant-name records match your request, I'm sorry. 
I'm sorry, it appears there are restaurant-name results for restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Our system is having difficulty of some sort.
there is only one restaurant-food restaurant-name in town called little seoul.
Bangkok City is at 24 Green Street City Centre, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 354382. Can I help you with anything else?
Sure, I've booked you at Ask with reference number LK2P76OS. May I help with anything else?
All right, what else can I help you with? 
It looks like there are 9 restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town. Do you have a preference for restaurant-name price range?
The phone number for la tasca is 01223 464630 and they are located at 14 -16 Bridge Street.  The postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people U.F. 
You're welcome! Have a great day!
You're more than welcome. Have a great day.
Curry Prince is an Indian restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.   Would you like any additional information?
There is curry prince, and rajmahal, would either of those work for you?
da vinci pizzeria
Would you like me to make a reservation?
Unfortunately, there are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants. Is there another cuisine you would like to try?
I found restaurant-name yippee noodle bar it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, their phone number is 01223518111. Do you want me to book a table for you?
Golden Wok is a moderately priced restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town. 
There are two Indian restaurants and one Italian restaurant-name Which food type would you prefer?
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name Chinese restaurants located in restaurant-name restaurant-area that is moderately priced.
Fitzbillies restaurant-name serves British food, is located in restaurant-name center of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Here is restaurant-name address and restaurant-name phone number: restaurant-book people Barnwell Road Fen Ditton, 01223244955.
You are so welcome. 
They're at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre, and their phone number is 01223352500. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, there are three restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name centre. I'd suggest Kohinoor, as it's my favorite. Would you like to book it?
If you tell me a day and a time you would like to reserve, I can book that for you.
Okay great. Thanks for calling and enjoy your dinner.
I booked a table at The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway.  Your reference number is MDK9A3PR.  The restaurant-name is at 82 Cherry Hinton Road.  Will that be all?
there are restaurant-book people restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name east, what food type do you want ?
I am sorry, I can't find any restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area . Is there another type of food or area you might be interested in today? 
No sir. That's all I have
The address of Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 323737.
Yes I have many restaurants to choose from in restaurant-name west. Do you have a price range preference?
Ali Baba serves Lebanese food. Would you like restaurant-name location information?
Have a nice day.
Sure. Your reference number is OY06ANHY. Anything else I can do for you?
cotto's phone number is 01223 302010.
Okay, I can help you with that. Are you interested in a particular type of food? Or perhaps a certain part of town?
The phone number is 01223 323737.
I found several in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, can I help you with anything else?
No matches found for restaurant-price range Malaysian food
There was restaurant-name Wise Buddha restaurant, sorry.  I booked a table for restaurant-book people at J Restaurant.  Reference number is WPA3IY8C.  I think you'll like it.  Anything else?
There are results matching your query. Would you like Mexican, Italian, Chinese, or Indian?
There is one Korean restaurant-name in restaurant-name centre, Little Seoul.  Would you like restaurant-name address and phone number?
I have found two restaurants. One is La mimosa, and restaurant-name other is Shiraz restaurant, would you like me to book one for you?
yu garden is on restaurant-name restaurant-area side, would you like restaurant-name phone number?
Da Vinci Pizzeria is a restaurant-price range restaurant-food restraunt in restaurant-name restaurant-area area of town.
I've booked your table for restaurant-book people people on Monday at restaurant-book time at Kymmoy. Your reference number is 1MS5BUU6. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I do not have any restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like a different restaurant-name or cuisine? 
It is not open then, shall I try another time or another place to eat?
The Missing Sock serves restaurant-price range food in restaurant-name East part of town.
What day would you like this reservation to be available for?
Thank you, and let us know if we can be of further assistance. 
Great, I have booked that for you and your reference number is XDYJMTO7.
I'm sorry but Gourmet Burger Kitchen was restaurant-name only North American restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area area. Would you like for me to try another area?
Sure, it's called Saigon City, and it's located at 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton, cb41nl. Their phone number is 01223356555. Can I be of further assistance today?
I found two restaurants: Dojo Noodle Bar and J Restaurant. Which one of these do you prefer?
There are restaurant-book people available restaurants. What food would you like?
I have five Indian restaurants in restaurant-name west. May I suggest Tandoori Palace?  
There are none. Would you like to try a different cuisine or area?
Frankie and bennys is a good, restaurant-price range Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area area. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
You are booked at Kohinoor. Reference number is ZMZLMLR9. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I show restaurant-book people available. restaurant-book people are in restaurant-name restaurant-price range range and restaurant-book people is cheap. May I book a table for you?
Great, your reference number is K3TPR6UI. Anything else?
Yes, there is one called La Raza that fits your requests. Would you like me to book a table for you?
There are restaurant-name restaurants serving restaurant-food food.
Bye.
That time is available, so I've made your reservation. The reference number is OSHZUPSD. What else can I do for you? 
There are several restaurant-price range places in restaurant-area what type of food do you want 
Of course, Prezzo's address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road and postcode is C.B 3, 0 A.D.
There are two restaurants serving restaurant-price range food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Do you have a preference of restaurant-food or restaurant-food food? 
The Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is located is restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Is there anything else you need?
The address for restaurant-name Mexican restaurant-name chiquito restaurant-name bar is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and their phone number is 01223 400170.
Nandos is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and their number is 01223 327908. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Wonderful. I was successful in booking The Chiquito restaurant-name for you and your reference number is OCGZRNU0.
Great, when would you like restaurant-name reservation and for how many should I reserve it for?
Yes it is. 
There are three Mediterranean restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would you prefer an restaurant-price range or a restaurant-price range restaurant?
Yes, they are all expensive. backstreet restaurant-food is in restaurant-name restaurant-area area, and royal standard is in restaurant-name east. Would you like me to make a reservation at either of these?
La Raza's address is restaurant-book people - restaurant-book people Rose Crescent.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Gourmet Burger Kitchen is an restaurant-price range restaurant-name that serves North American food.
There are two moderately priced restaurants in restaurant-name north. May I suggest The Nirala, which is Indian? 
The zizzi cambridge is a restaurant-price range Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area area. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I'm afraid Chiquito restaurant-name bar is expensive. Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is a moderately priced Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name south.
Yes, I reserved a table at J Restaurant for you.  Reference number is BM3N0SUH, and restaurant-name table will be held for 15 minutes.  Will that be all?
Have a good day!
thank you very much, good bye.
There are five restaurants matching your description. Would you like a specific food type or would you like all their names?
You are welcome. Enjoy your lunch.
I'd be happy to. What day and time would you like restaurant-name reservation, and for how many people?
Curry garden has good reviews, would you like to book there?
The postcode is cb21rq. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Booked, your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is GBPIJP33.
The booking was unsuccessful.  Is there another time you would like me to look for?
Little Seoul is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would you like their phone number? 
The restaurant-name hotel restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. 
OK, I have your table booked. Your reference number is 0IYMOQTN. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sorry, I couldn't find anything. 
Ask is a nice place, that is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Bloomsbury Restaurant serves International food and is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. It has a restaurant-price range price range and restaurant-name phone number is 0871 942 9180
You're welcome, is there anything else I can help you with before we go?
Yes I found it, what information would you like?
No problem! What type of food were you interested in?
Alright, you're quite welcome! Enjoy your time in town!
There is an Indian and a Chinese restaurant-name that are both moderately priced in restaurant-name restaurant-area area.  Would you like restaurant-name address and phone for one of those?
I have some in restaurant-name north, center and restaurant-area side. Do you have a preference in area?
There are five restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. What kind of food would you like?
We have six. Do you have an area preference? Graffiti, on restaurant-name restaurant-area side, is popular.
There are restaurant-name restaurants serving Romanian food.
Okay glad I could be of help.
Yes.  There are five restaurants in that area in price range.  Would you prefer restaurant-food or restaurant-food food?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 0C4KYZ3K.
Yes, restaurant-name missing sock serves restaurant-food food and is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is a Mexican restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
The address is 24 Green Street City Centre, and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 354382.
What type of food do you want?
yippee noodle bar serves restaurant-food oriental. Would you like me to book it
I am sorry Booking was unsuccessful for that time, can I help you find a place in restaurant-name same area and type of food?
The Golden Wok's phone number is 01223 350688. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I've heard good things about Riverside Brasserie, they serve Modern European cuisine. Would you like to see if they have tables available?
I found several that fit your request! What type of food would you like?
Your table is booked, restaurant-name reference number is NEFPTQ46. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure thing! The address is 47-53 Regent Street, restaurant-name phone number is 01223365599, and restaurant-name postcode is cb21ab. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you and enjoy your meal at restaurant-name kymmoy. Have a great day.
There are restaurant-book people such restaurants. I recommend restaurant-name rice house. Would you like a reservation?
Galleria is a nice restaurant-name serving European food, is in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town and is moderately priced.
In that case, I recommend Backstreet Bistro at restaurant-book people Sturton Street City Centre. Would you like a table there?
restaurant-name restaurant-name is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.  Is there any other information you need? 
I am sorry but there are restaurant-name matching records found. Can I help you with something else?
The Nirala is located at restaurant-book people Milton Street Chesterton.
I'm sorry, we have restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name centre.
There is an restaurant-price range Italian restaurant-name named Frankie and Bennys at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Would you like to go there or choose another? 
Booking was successful for Thursday at 1200hrs , table for restaurant-book people at Grafton Hotel restaurant. Your Reference number is KQKTCX5Y. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Meghna is located on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 727410.  Is there any other information you needed?
I have Restaurant One Seven in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would you like me to book a reservation?
I have found Wagamama that is an restaurant-price range Japanese restaurant-name located in restaurant-name Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
The phone number for Yippee Noodle Bar is 01223 518111.
Anatolia is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
thank you good bye.
Nandos is a Portuguese restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
unfortunately they are filled up for that time would you like me to reserve another time or would you like to choose another restaurant.
You're welcome. Have a good day. Goodbye.
its address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 362456 .
I have listings for restaurant-book people in that area,can I recommend restaurant-name gandhi at 72 Regent Street City Centre?
What is restaurant-name price range you would prefer today?
Unfortunately, I was not able to locate a Mexican restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of time. Would you like me to search for a different cuisine?
Kymmoy is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy your meal. Feel free to call us again if you need anything else. Goodbye.
There are several British restaurants.  Do you have a price range in mind?
Anatolia meets your criteria. Would you like their contact information?
Thank you for letting me help you.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
Little Seoul is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It's in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town, restaurant-name address is 196 Mill Road City Centre.
Would you prefer restaurant-price range or restaurant-price range price range?
What price range are you looking for?
Thanks for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
The address of Sala Thong is 35 Newnham Road Newnham and restaurant-name postcode is C.B 3, 9 E.Y.
I don't know what I was thinking earlier, we actually have a lot of restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name centre. J Restaurant serves Asian Oriental. Should we try that?
Yes, there are three restaurants serving Turkish food in restaurant-name center of town.
There is restaurant-name availability at that time. Would you like to try another time or restaurant? 
restaurant-name restaurant-name serves British food, is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. 
Grafton Hotel restaurant-name is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Thank you for booking with us today. Enjoy your reservation!
Sure, sorry for that - 5U8L4DTQ. DO you need any more help?
Prezzo is an Italian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Yes. Yu Garden is located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. It's phone number is 01223248882. Do you need anything else?
Chiquito restaurant-name bar serves Mexican food.
Okay I was able to get you into restaurant-name Zizzi Cambridge and your reference number is GI0FZMKL.
I'm sorry there are restaurant-name results for a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name east, would you like to try a different area?
frankie and bennys is an restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like their location?  
restaurant-name missing sock is a nice restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range
There are restaurant-name mathcing records found for that request
loch fyne is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. It is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Would that work?
I show two restaurants that fit your criteria. One is restaurant-food and one is indian. Which one would you like to find out more about?
They serve restaurant-food food.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Then we have a problem, because such a restaurant-name  does not exist. I'm sorry. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, it is expensive.
darrys cookhouse and wine shop might be one you would enjoy.
Enjoy! Goodbye! 
There are 14 places that serve restaurant-price range Indian food. We could narrow it down more if you specified an area.  Do you have one in mind?
A table is reserved for you at Dojo Noodle Bar. Your reference number is AEQLOL33.
I was able to book your party at Ask. Your reservation will hold for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I have booked a table for restaurant-book people people at restaurant-book time on Friday at Prezzo.
thank you for using our system, enjoy.
restaurant-name restaurant-name hotel restaurant-name is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. would you like their information? 
The address is restaurant-book people - restaurant-book people Rose Crescent. Can I help you with anything else?
Anatolia is a Turkish restaurant, it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, and it is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like restaurant-name phone number?
Booking was successful. Can I get you anything else, then?
Glad to help you.
You are welcome and Thank-You.
I have many excellent options available. Do you have a cuisine preference, I should I recommend one?
Wagamama is a restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.  Would you like their location? 
Would you like something in restaurant-name restaurant-price range or restaurant-price range price range? 
Grafitti has great British food in restaurant-name restaurant-area and fits restaurant-name restaurant-price range pricerange you are looking for. Does this appeal to you?
you can reach them at 01223 247877 .
Yes I will look for different restaurant.
Sure I have Asian and Chinese restaurants and other options. Is there a type of food you are looking for?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another time or different restaurant-food restaurant?
I have you booked at Tang Chinese. The reference number is P04KA65H. Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
Nandos is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.  Their phone number is 01223 327908. Can I help you with anything else? 
You're very welcome. Thanks for calling us. Goodbye.
There are restaurant-name restaurants serving Indonesian food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like me to look in another part of town?
Okay I booked you into an Indian restaurant-name that is moderately priced called Prezzo and your reference number is  TMT76MHK.
Royal Spice is an Indian restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like their address?
I was able to book a table at restaurant-name restaurant-name hotel they also serve british. Your reference number is 1ULFDV2T. 
There are restaurant-book people restaurants that meet those specification. Do you have a preference of restaurant-name area of town it is located at?
Yes, your ref. # is E7D8F4SM. Can I help you with anything more?
Ok. You're all set for Monday at 14:15. Have a great day.
I was not able to find any restaurants matching your requirements.
What kind of food are you interested in having?
Cote is a French restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.   Is there anything else I can help you with today?
We have two restaurants that meet your criteria, are you more interested in Chinese of Portuguese food?
welcome again some other day
There are three restaurants that serve restaurant-food food. Would you like a specific price range?
Another option is Restaurant Two Two. Would you like more information on that restaurant?
I made your reservation at Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar for Wednesday at restaurant-book time for restaurant-book people people. Have fun!
There are 57 restaurant-price range restaurants in restaurant-name city. Is there a particular area you would prefer to dine in?
I was able to book a table for you at restaurant-book time at restaurant-name Copper Kettle. Your reference number is 3ED8CQBU. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
There are several Italian restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  La Margherita is restaurant-price range and Prezzo is moderate.  Would you like restaurant-name address of one of those?
I was able to make you a reservation at Saffron Brasserie on Hills Road in City Centre for restaurant-book people people at restaurant-book time on Thursday. Your reference number is 9VCXTCZZ.
There are restaurant-book people restaurant-price range Indian restaurants located in restaurant-name centre. I would recommend restaurant-name Kohinoor. Would you like to book a table?
Yes. The reference number is SEI1ME8K. The Chiquito Restaurant Bar will reserve your table for 15 mins starting at 15:00. Can I help you with anything else? 
Sorry, but there are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name area, Did you want to try a different type of restaurant?
Great, there are restaurant-book people restaurants that meet your criteria. I would suggest Curry Garden. Can I book it for you?
You have a table at da vinci pizzeria. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : BSAJGSJ8.  Do you need anything else today?
Certainly. What type of food interests you?
No I am sorry. But there is a Portuguese restaurant-name if you are interested.
Okay. Is there anything else you need?
There are five, would you like me to book you one?
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton serves Italian food on restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Would you like their phone number?
It is.  How many people will there be and what time would you like on Wednesday?
It is Regent Street City Centre, CB21DB
The Curry Garden is good.  It is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre, postcode cb21dp.  The phone number is 01223302330.  Would you like me to reserve it?
Unfortuntately, Bloomsbury Restaurant is in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Would you like for me to search in restaurant-name restaurant-area side?
In restaurant-name restaurant-price range range there are two restaurant-food restaurants and one restaurant-food in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Enjoy your dinner. Thank you for contacting TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Cote's phone number is 01223 311053 and they are located at Bridge Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome! Have a great time! Goodbye! 
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name restaurants that serve restaurant-food food. 
I will found you a different restaurant.
Your booking is successful and your reference number is CZT3LA0M. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Cote can be reached at 01223311053 and is at Bridge Street City Centre. Do you require any additional information?
Great! Da vinci pizzeria and Royal Spice are both restaurant-price range and located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. 
restaurant-name address of them is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
restaurant-name restaurant-food hut cherry hinton is moderately priced and in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  Would you like their location? 
There are two other moderately priced restaurants on restaurant-name restaurant-area side, Pizza Hut Fen Ditton serving Italian food, and Rajmahal, another Indian restaurant.
Okay, goodbye.
Can you please give me a day and time that you would like to book a table for?
I'm sorry. That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try another time or another restaurant?
Reference number is : V0PVDPBC. Need anything else?
Unfortunately, I was unable to find a Mexican restaurant-name in restaurant-name north. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Indian, Italian and British restaurants are available in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town for a restaurant-price range price.  Would you like more information on any or all of these?
bloomsbury restaurant's phone number is 0871 942 9180, their postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people D.T
That is an Italian restaurant-name located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.  It is at 12 Bridge Street.  Can I call and reserve a table for you?
Bedouin is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
You're welcome, is there anything else I can do for you? 
you're welcome, enjoy!
I'm really sorry we couldn't book restaurant-name table for you. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
sala thong servers restaurant-food food and is restaurant-price range in restaurant-name west. their phone number is 01223323178 restaurant-name address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham, it there anything I can help you with?
The phone number is 01223 309147.
Absolutely. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is VWTX9T8T. Thank you!
Stazione restaurant-name and coffee bar	is in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
gourmet burger kitchen is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range their phone number is 01223 312598 and their address is Regent Street City Centre
I made a reservation for one at restaurant-name lan hong house. Your reference number is 5TXC1HGX . Would you like their address or phone number?
I sure can! Darry's Cookhouse is an restaurant-price range modern restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name center of town. They are located at 40270 King Street City Centre. Can I make you a reservation by chance?
How about Graffiti, they serve British food and are in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, their phone number is 01223 352500.
Meghna, is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
For restaurant-food food, I have restaurant-name Curry Prince restaurant-name and Rajmahal. They are both moderately priced and located in restaurant-name east. Can I tell you more about one of those?
None of restaurant-name restaurants were available for that time. Would you like me to try a different time?
That would be restaurant-name Royal Standard at 280 Mill Road City Centre. They can be reached at 01223247877.
There are several, two on Regent Street, and one at 12 Bridge Street. Do you have any preferences?
golden wok's phone number is 01223 350688
Let us know if you need anything else, good day. 
There are restaurant-book people restaurants available in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range in restaurant-name East of town. Would you like to go to Curry Prince?
I've booked your reservation. Is there anything else you need?
I am so sorry but restaurant-name restaurant-name is fully booked. My I find another restaurant-name for you that serves Indian food?
Enjoy your dining experience. 
there is restaurant-name restaurant-price range restaurant-name that serves restaurant-food food can I help you with anything else
There are several restaurants located in restaurant-name centre, which kind of food do you prefer?
Okay. I was able to get you into restaurant-name Golden Curry instead. Your reference number is OXKPJH2R.
Peking Restaurant is a Chinese food restaurant-name located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 354755.
Thank you, have a nice day!
Yes it is. Would you like me to make a reservation for you there?
The phone number for restaurant-name is 01223 311911 and they are located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. 
I was able to get you that reservation on Wednesday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes prior to your arrival.
There are three restaurant-price range Indian restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town, or Royal spice is a restaurant-price range Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name north. Do any of these interest you?
How does restaurant-name alimentum sound? They are on restaurant-name restaurant-area side of town.
Of course. It's cb43lf. Can I help you with anything else?
How about restaurant-name Dojo Noodle Bar? It serves Asian Oriental food.
There is restaurant-name dojo noodle bar in restaurant-name centre. Would you like me to book a reservation there.
Ok, how many people and what is restaurant-name time preference?
The address is Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to book a table? 
Darry's Cookhouse and wine shop would suit your interests. It's at 40270 King Street
I couldn't find any restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. I will search for restaurant-food restaurants next.
I didn't find any records matching those criteria. 
Meghna is an Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
Their postcode is cb23qf
How about restaurant-name Oak Bistro? It's a British restaurant-name in restaurant-name centre, also moderately priced.
I'm sorry but there are restaurant-name Austrian restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
The lucky star is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Little Seoul is an restaurant-price range Korean restaurant. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Little Seoul is a nice restaurant-name that serves Korean food.  The address is 108 Regent Street City Centre.
There are restaurant-name British restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. Shall I search for something else?
There is a very nice and restaurant-price range Asian restaurant-name called Wise Buddha. Here is restaurant-name address and phone number.
Excellent. Have a great day!
So you would like recommendations for a restaurant-price range restaurant-name that serves Portuguese food? 
There's Bangkok City in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town, and Sala Thong on restaurant-name restaurant-area side.
I have restaurant-name latin restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name centre. Perhaps another part of restaurant-name city?
No problem, is there anything else I can help with today? 
OK I have that booked restaurant-name reference number is EBZIPGV2.
da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Their phone number is 01223 351707. Is there anything else I can help you with?
de luca cucina and bar serves modern restaurant-food food and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Their phone number is 01223 356666 and they are located at 83 Regent Street 
The phone number for restaurant-name is 01223 727410 and they are located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.  The postcode is C.B 4, restaurant-book people L.F.
Thank you for calling us and please use our system again. Goodbye.
Anatolia is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range
How about curry prince, they are in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town
You're welcome, goodbye. 
Yes, there is an restaurant-price range French restaurant-name called restaurant-name two two .
There are two moderately priced restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town. One Chinese and one Indian. Please specify restaurant-name desired cuisine type.
Yes restaurant-name Curry prince is located at 451 New market Road Fen Ditton with a postcode of cb58jj. Their telephone number is 01223566388.
You are booked into restaurant-name which serves restaurant-food oriental, in restaurant-name town restaurant-area and restaurant-price range range. Your reference number is J39DEUPU. The address is 52 Mill Road City Centre.
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Certainly, restaurant-name postcode is cb12as. Is there any other information you need? 
I was not able to find any restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurants in restaurant-name south.
An restaurant-price range Italian restaurant-name is found in restaurant-name center of town, Caffe Uno. The address is 32 Bridge Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223 448620.
There is a Lebanese restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town called Ali Baba. Would you like their address?
The golden wok is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223 350688. May I help you with anything else? 
there are restaurant-name restaurant-food restaurants. Would you like to choose another type of food?
Is there anything else we can help you with?
There is one moderately priced restaurant-food in restaurant-name town restaurant-area called The Cow Pizza Kitchen And Bar.
name is tnahh binh
I'm sorry, there are restaurant-name available seats at that time. Would you like to try Efes restaurant?
Do you have a certain price range or food type you are looking for?
How about nandos, a restaurant-food place ?
Great! What day and time would you like restaurant-name reservation for? 
restaurant-name serves restaurant-food food in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range
Okay I have found restaurant-book people restaurants. One is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and one is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. 
That restaurant-name is not available at that time. Do you want me to try another time?
How about restaurant-name two two at 22 chesterton road Chesterton
Thanks for using Cambridge Restaurant System, goodbye. 
Sure, restaurant-name Tang Chinese is also an restaurant-price range Chinese restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. Their phone number is 01223357187. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Unfortunately there are restaurant-name reservations available at that time. Would you like me to look for another restaurant?
There are restaurant-name restaurants moderately priced that serves restaurant-food food.
There are restaurant-book people moderately price restaurants that serve British food. Is there an area of town that would work best for you?
You're welcome. Is there anything else?
their address is Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223 355166.
I can help with that. What is restaurant-name name of restaurant-name restaurant?
Thank you for calling. Have a great day.
Thank you for calling, enjoy, goodbye!
How about nandos, I've heard great things!
Okay. I was able to book you a table at restaurant-name kymmoy. Your reference number is TQVKVLNH. Is there anything else you need? 
There are two gastropub's in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range, would you like me to book one?
There are 33 to choose from. Any type of cuisine you'd prefer?
Frankie and Bennys serves Italian food, it is in restaurant-name South Part of town, and restaurant-name price range is expensive. Can I help you with anything else?
We have restaurant-name restaurant-food restuarants. Sorry. Is there another type of restaurant-name I could look up for you?
There are restaurant-book people restaurant-price range Italian restaurants. I would recommend Pizza Hut City Centre. Would you like to book a table?
The phone number for Frankie and Bennys is 01223 412430. Can I help you with anything else?
Royal Spice is an Indian restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town, and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
You have lots of good restaurant-price range choices in that part of town!  What type of food sounds good to you? There are Italian restaurants, Indian, Spanish, Chinese, and more.
Your booking for restaurant-book people at don pasquale pizzeria is complete! Here is your reference number DPMRYTRL. How else may I assist you today?
They serve Mexican food .
There are two Indian and one Italian restaurant. Which would you prefer?
There is not matching places that fits your request. Can i help you with something else?
Graffiti is an restaurant-price range British restaurant-name in restaurant-name west. Would you like more information? 
Would you like more details on any of restaurant-name available restaurants before booking a table?
You're welcome.  Enjoy your meal. 
The booking was unsuccessful, do you have any other preference? 
There are several moderately priced restaurants that serve British food.  Do you prefer a particular area of town?
You're welcome and thank you for calling. Goodbye.
Great.  Enjoy your meal!  Goodbye.
There are restaurant-name restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area that serve restaurant-food food. Would you like me to search another area?
The phone number for stazione restaurant-name and coffee bar is 01223 352607 and they are located at Market Hill City Centre. 
There is a wide variety of Chinese restaurants, do you have an area preference or a price preference to narrow it down?
Which price range are you looking in?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
The lucky star is chinese.  would you like restaurant-name phone number?
All right, sir, I'm happy to say restaurant-name booking was successful. Would you like restaurant-name reservation number?
Panahar looks like a good choice. It's on Norfolk Street in restaurant-name city centre.
You're welcome and do call us again! Goodbye.
The varsity restaurant-name and bloomsbury restaurant-name are both located in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town.
Okay, I've booked you at restaurant-name Oak Bistro with reference number ANAMHNOW. May I help with anything else?
I'd love to help. We have 33 restaurant-price range restaurants. Do you have a cuisine you'd prefer?
It was my pleasure. Let me know if I can ever help you with anything else.
I have found a few Italian restaurants located in restaurant-name restaurant-area area of town what price range are you looking for?
Sure, there are 9 restaurants to choose from. Did you have a price range in mind?
I found restaurant-book people that you might be interested in.  What type of price are you looking for?
Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant-name in restaurant-name city restaurant-area and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. The address is 108 Regent Street.
I'm sorry but there are restaurant-name restaurants serving Christmas food. Can I find anything else? 
The slug and lettuce is located at 34 - 35 Green Street, postcode cb23ju. I'm sorry our system does not list their phone number. Is there anything else?
I was able to get you into Thanh Binh. Your reference number is CLIBOL1Q.
You're very welcome. 
Unfortunately there are not. Would you be interested in a different cuisine?
Thank you very much for using restaurant-name Cambridge Restaurant system.
restaurant-name curry prince is in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like more information for them? 
Thank you for contacting us and enjoy your meal at restaurant-name hakka. Have a great day.
Cocum is restaurant-name first restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town on restaurant-name database. The phone number for restaurant-name is 01223 366668.
Would you like a booking at Cote?
Can I book Wamagama restaurant-name for you? It's a perfect fit.
you are welcome, goodbye
I'm sorry. There are none.
You are quite welcome. Is there anything further I can assist you with?
Do you have a food type preference because there are results for Indian, British, and Italian.
Enjoy your meal.
Booking at Curry Garden was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3HVUQFTT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Their phone number is 01223 350688.
You're welcome.  Goodbye!
La Margherita serves great Italian food. can i help with anything else ?
The number is 01223337766.
I have st johns chop house within restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. Can I book it for you?
Thier phone number is 01223 355166 and address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre
The address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton and restaurant-name phone number is 01223 351707.
restaurant-name lucky star serves restaurant-food food, is located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  Would you like more information for them? 
There are restaurant-name moderately priced Caribbean restaurants. Would you like something different?
I was able to find restaurant-book people that serve restaurant-food food and restaurant-book people that serves restaurant-food and restaurant-book people that serves asian. Do you have a preference?
Sure! That's a great restaurant-price range British restaurant-name in restaurant-name restaurant-area of town. What other information would you like to know? 
You are welcome.
Have a great day!   Thank you for using our service
Restaurant Alimentum is also located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.
There is not a restaurant-food restaurant-name listed.  May I have you find a different restaurant? 
I'm sorry but I cannot find any restaurant-food food located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.
Royal Standard is a restaurant-food located in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town and is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range.  
I am sorry there is restaurant-name booking at this time, there are restaurant-book people other places would you like me to check booking for any of them?
Certainly, your Reference number is : EWOFBMJ3.
I am sorry there is nothing that meets that criteria. Is there another type of food or area you would be interested in?
I have reserved a table for restaurant-book people at Jinling Noodle Bar, 11 Peas Hill in restaurant-name city restaurant-area (Tel: 01223566188) on Friday at 18:15. The reference number is K9JAW7FT.
You are very welcome.  Enjoy your day and your meal on Wednesday.  Bye.
There are restaurant-name Cantonese restaurants located in West. Are you interested in another type of cuisine?
Okay.  Glad to have helped!
Have a nice day.  Bye.
Absolutely.  Curry Prince's address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you, and have a good day.
Thank you for using restaurant-name Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
There are restaurant-name venues selling Scandinavian food in restaurant-name East part of town.
Are you looking for something more or less expensive? 
I appreciate restaurant-name offer, but it is my job to help you.  Is there anything else?
Enjoy your meal!
Okay your reference number is 9RXQYEIO.
Great hit
Certainly it is in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range and it is located at 40270 King Street City Center.
Yes, there are restaurant-book people Chinese restaurants that are in restaurant-name restaurant-price range price range. I would recommend restaurant-name Golden House. Would you like for me to book you a table?
Was that all you needed today?
There are restaurant-name matching restaurants. Would you like me to perform another search?
I'm sorry but there are restaurant-name Swedish serving restaurants in that area. Would you like to expand your search?
There are restaurant-name restaurant-price range restaurant-food restaurants. Would you prefer a different cuisine or price range? 
I'm sorry, all restaurant-book people restaurants meeting your criteria are booked at this time. Would you like me to try a different time slot?
There are three moderately priced restaurants in restaurant-name restaurant-area part of town.  What type of food would you like?
I am sorry sir, this information is not available to us. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Saint johns chop house is in restaurant-area part of town. The phone number is 01223 353110.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference number is : BSMDJMXH.  Can I be of further assistance?
Their post code is cb43lf and they can be reached at 01223727410.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen's phone number is 01223 312598 and restaurant-name postcode is C.B 2, restaurant-book people A.B. May I help you with anything else?
I am sorry I don't have that available, perhaps you would like to try another place to dine?
