how about hamilton lodge? It sounds lovely.
The Acorn is not available but I went ahead and booked the alpha-milton guest house. Your reference number is SJZ9ZJ8V.
I have a listing for arbury lodge guesthouse in the hotel-area of town, is that okay?
It is a hotel-book stay star hotel, not a guesthouse.
There are hotel-book stay places to stay that match your criteria. Do you have a pricerange in mind?
I have four hotels listed that fit your criteria ranging in price from hotel-price range to expensive. What price range are you looking for?
The Aylesbury is a moderately priced hotel-book stay star hotel-type on the hotel-area side of town. Would you like the phone number, or a room, perhaps?
There are many guesthouses and hotels on the hotel-area side. Do you have any preferences?
express by holiday inn hotel-area is a nice place and will suit your needs.Do you want me to book it for you ?
Ok I will.
I show several hotels that meet those criteria.  What day and how many people are you looking to book for?
huntingdon marriott hotel-type and the hotel-area belfry are hotel-book stay star hotels in the west.  The second hotel-type is hotel-price range & the first is expensive, which would you prefer?
how about leverton house? it looks lovely.
Yes it is a moderately priced guesthouse. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, I was able to book that. The reference number is U0JT0YZ8. DO you need anything else?
I am sorry the booking was unsuccessful.   Would you like me to look at one of the other hotels that meet your criteria
Worth House is located at 152 Chesterton Road. Would you like to make a reservation?
I'm sorry, but there is not a single hotel-price range hotel-type or guesthouse on the hotel-area side of town. Would you like a different area or perhaps a different price range?
The address of Autumn House is 710 newmarket road, and the phone number 01223575122.
Le t us know if you need anything else, good day. 
Yes it includes both.
Have a nice stay at the el shaddai. Thank you for contacting us and have a great day.
No problem. Have a great day. Good-Bye.
We have quite a few lodgings which offer both. Do you have a preference as to what type of lodging, a guesthouse or hotel?
May I have your date of arrival and how many nights you would like to stay please?
I found hotel-book stay hotels with hotel-parking wifi and hotel-parking parking. Is there a particular area or price range you prefer?
I can definitely help with that. It's moderately priced and is located in the south. They offer hotel-parking wifi and parking. Would you like help booking a room with them?
Sorry, the system must have glitched. I wasn't able to get you that booking, but I got you a room at Hamilton Lodge. Your Reference number is: 24FROWCO.
That one is not open then,but I do have one fitting the same criteria avaible, Finches, shall I book it?
I'm not finding any.  Would you care for another part of town?
The Alpha-Milton guesthouse in the hotel-area and moderately priced.  Would you like to book a room?
I have 5, all located in the hotel-area and all are gueshouses. How many will I booking for and when?
The reference number for your booking is KEBFTR7I. Can I do anything else for you?
How many people is that booking for?
Okay I was able to book you at The Archway House and your reference number is JM5G0862.
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Booking was successful. Reference number is : KRJNYV0Q.
yes. both have WiFi connection
It is in the hotel-price range price range.  Would that work for you?
Okay, thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
The gonville hotel-type is an hotel-book stay star, hotel-price range hotel-type in the hotel-area of town that has hotel-parking internet and hotel-parking parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
I booked for you a room at arbury lodge guesthouse. It has parking slots and hotel-parking wifi. Do you need anything else?
It's address is gonville place and its phone number is 01223366611.
Yes the Lensfield Hotel does have parking.  Would you like me to book it?
Thank you for using our service.
You are welcome. Please let us know if you need anything else.
I'm sorry but I'm not finding anything that matches your criteria. Can I help with something else? 
The Ashley Hotel's book was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try Lovell Lodge?
You are booked into alpha-milton guest house in the hotel-price range price range you wanted. Your reference number is 1JCGP18D. Is there anything else?
There are two hotels on the hotel-area end, the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Which would you like?
Okay well I was able to book you at The Worth House and your reference number is 86XVFEUY.
Alright how does the Archway House sound?
For guesthouses, I do happen to have hotel-book stay listings. I have one cheaper, and the others are all moderately priced. Do you need any hotel-parking wifi or parking? 
Indeed, they do!
What area are you looking to stay in ?
There are 32 hotels/guesthouses that offer hotel-parking wifi, do you want to stay on a specific side of town, or a specific amenity you want?
The reservation was successful, your reference number is K6CPBLHM
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm sorry, that isn't available.  Can I find a different hotel-type for you?
You are welcome, have a great day!
I think the acorn guest house is lovely!
There are 29 hotels with hotel-parking wifi and parking, do you have a preference on location or price range.
For how many days and when would  you be coming?
There are 33 hotels with a hotel-book stay start rating and in the hotel-price range price range. What area did you have in mind? 
There are still a fair number of selections to choose from. How about the Allenbell? It is a budget-priced guesthouse that fits your criteria. Its location is 517a Coldham Lane.
Can you please let me know the details of your reservation such as number of people, length of stay, and arrival date.
The booking was successful and reference number is ZDG5KJ7S. Is there anything else I can assist with?
I have a few in the hotel-area part of town,would you need hotel-parking parking?
The city hotel-area hotel-area b and b meets your criteria. Do you want to make a reservation?
It is a hotel-book stay star hotel. 
I particularly like the acorn guest house in the north. It meets your criteria plus offers parking, just in case you might need it. Would you like a booking? 
We have plenty of moderately priced options with hotel-parking WiFi. Do you have any additional preferences? 
Ok, The Bridge House is only hotel-book stay stars, and the Aylesbray is 4, if that makes a difference to your wife.  Can I help with anything else?
Awesome. Happy to help. Good-Bye!
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
It has a hotel-book stay star rating and wifi yes.
The rating is actually one star better. Is that one fine?
The postal code is cb41da.
Nothing else is available on the hotel-price range side. Something else perhaps? I am sorry.
All right, I can make a reservation at the Bridge Guest House if you tell me how many people are in your group. 
I have hotel-book stay different options for you. My recommendation would be the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel. Its in the hotel-area side and is hotel-price range with a 4-star rating. Would that work? 
There are lots of other guesthouses that are similar, what price would you like to pay?
OK, does it matter the ratings or location?
The Huntingdon Marriott is at Kingfisher Way, Hinchingbrook Business Park, Huntingdon. Their number is 01480446000. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have hotel-parking matches that fit that criteria, would you like me to look up something else?
Yes, the Acorn guest house offers hotel-parking parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
Have a fun stay.  Bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Here is the address and telephone number of the hotel, so can arrive without any problem.
You're welcome. Please feel hotel-parking to return to this service if you need anything else.
Unfortunately there is hotel-parking hotel-price range hotel-type with hotel-parking parking. Would you like me to search in a different price range?
I have 14 entries, would you like it to have hotel-parking parking?
You might want to try alexander bed and breakfast.
It is a hotel, not a guesthouse.
I was able to get a guesthouse for you at arbury lodge for friday. Your reference number is HV8FJQJU.
I have several hotels in the hotel-area that offer hotel-parking parking. Do you have a preferred price range so that I can narrow it down for you a bit?
We dont have any hotels that have hotel-parking internet with hotel-book stay stars
Yes. Would you like to book a room?
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : TFAJJNJF
I recommend the a and b guest house. Do you want me to book it for you?
Thats good,but can I get the name of the  particular hotel-type you are looking for,please?
Finches Bed and Breakfast is a guesthouse on the hotel-area side of town and falls in the hotel-price range price range. Are you interested in booking a room there?
No problem, I was able to book that for you and your reference number is VA5JADCK. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I can recommend the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Your booking was unsuccessful. Would you like another day or a shorter stay.
There are 24 places available, Acorn Guest House has good ratings
I would like the arbury lodge guesthouse  
The cityroomz is a hotel-stars star hotel-type in the hotel-price range price range. It is in the hotel-area of town. Would you like me to book it for you?
How about acorn house? I hear it's lovely.
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is a hotel. 
I have over 33 options with wifi in the center of town. Do you have a price range you would prefer?
Yes I have many options in different parts of town, mostly in the hotel-price range to hotel-price range price range do you have any preferences for where you stay?
Ok.  The autumn house is a guesthouse in the east.  Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, it does. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I'm sorry, there were hotel-parking rooms available. Perhaps you'd like to find another hotel?
I have hotel-book stay guest house on that side of town. The warkworth house is a real good one if you would like to book it?
There are hotel-parking results for hotel-price range guesthouse in the north. Would you like to try something else?
I can try the Lensfield hotel-type in the south, the university arms hotel-type in the centre, the marriot in the west, or the gonville hotel-type in the centre.  
You are welcome. May I help you with anything else?
You are welcome! Enjoy your stay.
I can help you finding a room that suits your needs. I have about 11 different options. Can you tell me what area of town you prefer? 
There are hotel-book stay guest houses in the same price range . Archway house and Arbury Guest House are on the same road. Would you like me to book one?
I have hotel-book stay guesthouses with hotel-book stay stars that are moderately priced. Do you need internet or parking?  
Your booking is complete. Your reference number is 33ZFXQ8P. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm sorry there are hotel-parking results for an hotel-price range guesthouse, would you like to try another type, such as hotel?
I show hotel-book stay hotels that meet that criteria.  Would you like more details on them?
We don't have any hotels that meet those specifications.  Would you like a different area, or perhaps a different star rating?
For how many nights and how many people will be staying?
I have two hotels. One located at 63 Milton Road and 62 Gilbert Road? Which one would you like for me to book you for?
I'm sorry, there was misunderstanding. There is only one hotel-type and it's unfortunately full. However, I can try to book you a room in guesthouse?
There's the Cambridge Belfry. Shall I make you a reservation, then?
The address is warkworth terrace.
The postcode is cb41sr and phone number is 01223425478. May I help you with anything else?
Can you tell me for how many people and on what day?
You're booked at the Bridge Guest House, ref# BWMDVCV1. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
The Arbury Lodge is unavailable for hotel-book stay nights on Saturday. Can you select another day or for fewer days?
Yes, the arbury lodge guesthouse is in the hotel-area part of town in the hotel-price range price range. It has parking and internet. Would you like to book a room?
The lensfield hotel-type is hotel-price range and has a hotel-book stay star rating.
I have one hotel-type and hotel-book stay guesthouses in the south. What price range are you interested in?
There are 32 matching that. Do you have a price range or an area preference?
Okay, I've found several place that meet those requirements. I suggest the Avalon. Would you like me to make a reservation for you? 
Thank you for using our service. 
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay!
Your welcome. Enjoy your stay.
You are so welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I see two with a hotel-book stay star rating in the centre.  One is a guesthouse and one is a hotel. 
Should I book that for you?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : A51B0MGU.  Enjoy your stay!

Ashley hotel-type does have hotel-parking parking
Terrific, glad I could help. Don't hesitate to contact us if you need anything else.
Okay I found quite a few. What area would you like?
There are many hotels that match your criteria. Which area of town would you like to stay in?
Thank you, goodbye.
I recommend the arbury lodge guesthouse on the northside. Its in the hotel-price range price range and its located at 82 arbury road. Will that be all today?
The Acorn Guest House is unavailable at that time, but I booked you for the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse instead. It has all of the same features. 
There are 21 hotels that meet that criteria. What area of the city would you like to stay in?
It was a pleasure and thank you for contacting us.
It looks like all of the places in the hotel-price range price range are hotels rather than guesthouses. Would you like to consider a different price range?
Perfect. I'm sure you'll love it. Good day.
There are hotel-book stay hotels with hotel-parking parking. Do you prefer a specific area in town?
There is the Acorn Guesthouse that is located in the hotel-area side of town. Would you like me to make a booking?
I apologize, but the hotel-type can't accommodate you.
Reference number is : HC73QPEX. I have you at the City Centre, north, B and B. Anything else?

	I'm sorry there are hotel-parking matches fitting your specifications. Would you like a different price range or a different area possibly? 
There are two. One is cheap, one is expensive. Which do you prefer?
No the Acorn Guest House is moderately priced. I can book it for you if you would like.
yes.its within the hotel-price range range
I have hotel-book stay hotels with hotel-parking wifi and parking.  What price range would you like?
I'm not finding anything meeting that criteria. Would you like to try a moderately priced guesthouse?
Yes. There are a number of hotels with wifi.  Archway House is one of them that I can recommend.
Are you looking for it to be hotel-price range or expensive?
How about the Ashley Hotel? It is a moderately priced hotel-book stay star hotel-type with hotel-parking internet and parking. 
Your reservation was successfully made. The reference number is PJ9D98BY. Can I help you with anything else?
How about the acorn guest house. It fits your needs. Shall I book that for you?
There are several guesthouses that meet your criteria. Is there a particular part of town you wish to stay?
I found hotel-book stay guesthouses matching your criteria in the north, south, and hotel-area . What part of town would you prefer?
The booking was successful! Your reference number is 6NEWYJ6Y. Can I help you with anything else?
We have 21 guesthouses that offer hotel-parking parking. Do you want to stay in a certain part of town, or a certain price range?
I was able to book Cityroomz for you on Saturday for hotel-book stay night, hotel-book stay people. Your reference number is 5B7M73DK. Is there anything else I can help with?
I am sorry there are hotel-parking others in that price range or in that area,could I search another area for one?
Autumn House is full.  Can I try to reserve one of the other ones for you?
What price range are you looking for?
How about Acorn Guest House?
Yes both have hotel-parking wifi. Can I check booking for either of these?
I have 9 guesthouses in the hotel-price range price range with wifi.  What part of town would you prefer?
Of course. When would you like to stay?
There are 24 guesthouses in the city. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
Sure, we have two guesthouses that fit, the hotel-book stay star alexander bed and breakfast and the unrated el shaddai. Would you like to book a room at one?
I am sorry I have hotel-parking listing for that hotel. Can I help you with any other information?
I was able to successfully book you at the university arms hotel, the reference number is 1F6HEPGZ.
No problem. The Lovell Lodge is located at 365 Milton Road and their phone number is 01223425478. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great! Have a nice day!

That leaves us with about hotel-book stay options. Can I suggest the Acorn Guest  House? It is a hotel-book stay star moderately priced guesthouse in the north.
Yes, they do have internet.
What day do you want to start your stay, for how many days, and how many people?
Thank you. Have a nice day. 

You are booked at express by holiday inn cambridge. Reference number: FGSTOTPY.

Hold on, I had mistakenly listed you as not wanting hotel-parking parking (rather than not caring if they did). I have two gueshouses that offer both parking and internet.
I have the Alpha-Milton guest house in the hotel-area that does not include hotel-parking wifi.  Would you like for me to book a reservation for you?
It seems that there are hotel-parking guesthouses in the hotel-price range price range. Can I offer you a different price range or a different type of hotel? 
I'm sorry, there are hotel-parking matched in the South in that price range.  The South only has hotel-price range and cheap. 
Your reservation is all set. Your reference number is J6J0AACJ.
Okay, hotel-parking problem! I recommend the Acorn Guest House. It has everything you're looking for. 
Would you like to stay at Rosa's? It's a hotel-price range guesthouse. 
I was able to book a reservation at el shaddai .  Reference number is : AHYOTIAB.  Is there anything else you need?
They do.  Do you prefer any specific area of town?
The express by holiday inn hotel-area is hotel-area area. Would you like me to book a reservation for you today?
I could try the home from home for you. Would that work for you?
Yes, they have hotel-parking parking. The postcode is cb21en. Is there anything else you'd like to know about this hotel?
Sorry, I was unable to complete the booking. Would you like to try booking for a shorter stay or for another day?
Okay.  Just let us know if you need anything else!
Your booking was successful. Reference number is : VHYO8IC0.
Of course! The reference number is QZYSOMAW and the address is 74 chesterton road. May I help with anything else?
There are hotel-book stay hotels available. The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the hotel-price range price range and the Cambridge Belfry in the hotel-price range price range. Do you have a preference?
Carolina bed and breakfast is a moderately priced four star guesthouse with wifi and parking, in the hotel-area area. Would you care to make a reservation?
Great! You're booked at A and B Guest House with reference number ZE1OBRFT. May I help with anything else?
Great. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I'm sorry but I was unable to book that. Shall I try another hotel?
Have a great day! Good-Bye.
I have hotel-book stay gueshouses. All located in the east. How many am I booking for and when?
The address is 156 chesterton road.
There are quite a few.  If you'd like a hotel-price range alternative, I can recommend Worth House, on Chesterton Road. Or for a hotel-price range rate, Kirkwood House is next door.
I was able to book the acorn guesthouse and your reference number is BJ3CL2QU.
Great! When would you like to stay?
Sure can. The post code is cb41da. Anything else I can do for you today?
You're very welcome. Have a great time.
I have 10 hotels that meet that criteria. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
You are very welcome. Good day!
I am sorry there are hotel-parking guesthouse in the hotel-price range range.  Would you like to try a hotel-type instead?
You've been booked and your reference number is V69YHH10.
The Lensfield does have hotel-parking wifi. Their phone number is 01223355017 and their postcode is cb21en.
Great! I found three results! Two are in the hotel-area and one in the north. Which would you prefer? 
You're most welcome. Goodbye.
There are hotel-parking results for a hotel-price range hotel-type with hotel-parking wifi in the hotel-area area. Would you like to try a different area or guesthouse?
You're welcome. Have a nice stay!
I was able to book El Shaddai, reference number is E79RSOWR
We have two in the south, a hotel-book stay star and a hotel-book stay star.  Do you have a preference?
I have made reservations starting hotel-book day for hotel-book stay nights and hotel-book stay people the reference number is JCCYU8ZS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
There are hotel-book stay hotels listed at hotel-book stay star. There are hotel-book stay in the north, hotel-book stay south, hotel-book stay hotel-area and hotel-book stay centre. Would you like more information?
I have five matches for your requirements. Do you have preferences for price range or quality ratings? For example, the Alexander B&B is inexpensive, but rated hotel-book stay stars.
Sorry, but we've already established that there are hotel-parking 5-star hotels available. I can provide you with some 4-star options.
You are welcome. Goodbye!
OK, you're booked at the Ashley Hotel starting Monday, your reference number is IGAT23Z5. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm afraid that isn't available.  Could you book a different arrival day, or a shorter stay?
It is a hotel-book stay star hotel. Would you like me to make those reservations?
We have 9 hotels in town, do you have a side of town you'd like to stay on?
Goodbye. Have a good day!
Thank you. Have a great day.
I am sorry, there are not hotel-book stay stars available. 
Perfect, I booked that for you. Reference number is 42JFPPK8. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You have a good day too
I'm sorry that wasn't available.  Shall I try the other one?  It is called The Lensfield Hotel and you should enjoy your stay there as well.
There are hotel-parking hotels that meet your criteria in the south.  There is one hotel-price range hotel-book stay star guesthouse with parking in the south. Does that work?
It has internet access 
I'm sorry but in this area we have only guesthouses. Would you want to choose one of them?
I have hotel-book stay hotel-price range hotel-book stay star guesthouses,can I recommend autumn house?
Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day!
Thank you and enjoy your stay!
Wonderful. I have booked Acorn Guest house to meet your needs. The reference number is TDUTD8DV. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.  Please let us know if there is anything else we can help you with.
There are three hotel-price range guesthouses in the hotel-area area, however, they all have parking. Will this be okay, or would you like to look at a different area or price?
Is there a specific area you would like to stay in? Also, do you need internet and/or hotel-parking parking?
Okay I was able to book you into the Gonville and your reference number is : PVRV1EEJ.
There are two hotel-type and one guesthouse that match what you are looking for. Do you have a price range?
Yes, the Huntingdon Marriott also has hotel-parking wifi. Would like for me to book a reservation for you?
How about the Archway House? How manny days would you like to stay, and how many in your group?
Booking was successful for one night. Reference number is : FJFV11JA.
Sure, their phone number is 01223353888. May I assist you with anything else? 
Most of the hotel-price range options we have are guesthouses, though I do have one hotel-type in the west. Do you have a preference?
bridge guest house is a hotel-book stay star and a nice place.Do you want the address ?
What day will you be checking in?
It looks like the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge will work well for you. Would you like me to book that?
alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse hotel-area of Cambridge center that is cheap, would you like more information?
It has a hotel-book stay star rating. Would you like me to book a room for you?
How does lovell lodge sound?  It is in the hotel-price range price range but it has a two star rating.
Sure, there are hotel-book stay places like that. Do you have a preference for lodging type or price range? 
The Allenbell is cheap.  Anything else?
Have a wonderful time, good bye.
Yes, I was able to book that for you. Address is 365 milton road. Reference number is  EWRN88MQ.  Would that work for you?
How about the Alexander bed and breakfast in the centre?  It is a hotel-price range hotel-book stay star guesthouse with hotel-parking internet and wifi.
The alpha-milton guest house is in the hotel-area part of town at 63 milton road.
Your booking was successful, reference number is 8T4AJ6P9, hotel-book stay person for hotel-book stay nights starting Tuesday at the El Shaddai. Can I help you with anything else? 
The Allenbell is a good choice for you. Would you like more information on the Allenbell?
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
There are quite a number of them.  If you'd like a 4-star rated guesthouse at the hotel-area end of town, I could recommend the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
I can help you with that. Do you have a price range?
I'm happy to inform you that you have a booked apartment at aylesbray lodge. Your reference number is SUJVD6R6.
I can.  If you'd give me the name, or other details, I can search for it. 
Don't mention it. I hope you guys have a blast. 
Yes, all hotel-book stay guesthouses have internet available. What price range are you looking for?
Your booking was successful. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I can definitely help with that. Let me find out some more information so I can find you the perfect fit. What area of town would you like to stay?
Thank you for using our services. Do you require any further assistance?
Certainly. Alexander bed and breakfast and Rosa's bed and breakfast are two of our best kept secrets, offering hotel-book stay star quality at inexpensive prices.
a and b guest house is a nice place, with a  hotel-book stay star rating
No there is not one that matches that criteria.
The Hamilton Lodge is a good hotel, its rated hotel-book stay stars and has both internet and parking available. It's at a hotel-price range price point. Their phone number is 01223365664. 
Yes they do have four stars. Free internet and parking, may I book that for you?
Do you care whether the hotel-type is in the city center?
Kirkwood house is a guesthouse located at 172 chesterton rd on the hotel-area side of town. Phone number is 01223306283 with hotel-parking parking and wifi. Is there anything else?
That we have! Do you have a preference on the area?
What day would you like to book?
Kirkwood House is a 4-star, moderately priced guesthouse in the hotel-area area of town. Do you need more information?
What area would you like to stay in?
Yes there are many, can I get the area and price range you are looking for in the hotel?
That on is not open then, shall I try another?
You are welcome. I can help with attractions and restaurants, if you wish.
Okay.  Let us know if you need help booking!
Absolutely! When would you like to visit? 
I would recommend aylesbray lodge guest house. Would you like me to book that for you?
Do you have a specific area you would like to stay in?
Do you have a preferred area of the city you'd like to stay in?
Yes, it does have hotel-parking internet.
I sure can.  I found a hotel-book stay star hotel-type and a hotel-book stay star hotel.  Do you have a preference?
We have two places. Would you like to stay in the hotel-area or the hotel-area area?
You have a wonderful day!
Ok. that phone number is 01223351241. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
There are none in the same area,can I check in another area?
I am having difficulty booking either of the. Can you find another day or time that would suit you?
Okay glad I could be of help.
I have two hotels meeting your criteria.  Ashely Hotel located at 74 Chesterton road and Lovell Lodge located at 365 Milton road.	
Okay. Enjoy your stay.
Cityroomz is a hotel-type that matches that requirement, would you like to stay there?
That worked, thank you for summarizing for me.  Your reference number is U0E4KO2T.  Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm sorry, no, none in the south.
Great! Do you need information on the Cambridge Belfry, or would you like to book a room?
Thank you for using this service. Enjoy your stay. Good bye. 
It is an hotel-price range hotel-book stay star hotel.  I'm sure you'll love it.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm so sorry, but I was unable to book per your request. Would you like to try a shorter stay or a different date?
That booking was unsuccessful unfortunately, want to give another day a try?
Thanks for calling. Have a great day!
How about the allenbell located at 517a coldham lane that is the hotel-price range price range?
I'm sorry, that wasn't available.  Can I reserve a different hotel?
The Acorn Guest House is in the north. Can I help you with anything else today?
I could book you at the university arms. It is in the hotel-area area instead of the west. Would that work for you?
Oh, no! There were hotel-parking rooms available. would you like to find another hotel, instead?
I am sorry. The Huntington Marriott is not available for those days. Would you like to try another hotel?
I am not finding any other hotel-price range places to stay in the west. Maybe a better price point? Moderate or hotel-price range maybe?
Sure, we have a lot of hotel-price range places to stay. Is there an area of town that you prefer? 
Kirkwood house is located in the hotel-area and is moderately priced. Want me to book you a room?
Okay I've booked you into the Ashley and your reference number is  420X4N75.
I'm afraid that wont work. Can we try a different day or shorter length of stay?
There are two hotels that fir your description in the hotel-price range price range. One is in the hotel-area and one is in the centre. Which would you prefer?
Awesome. Have a good day!
I have only two star hotels, would you mind restating the exact criteria you need in a room please?
Booking for a and b guest house. Reference number: DLE4Z450.

Booking was successful.
Reference number is : LCFYMN3F
Sorry, that booking was unavailable. Perhaps you'd like a different day or a shorter stay?
All hotel-book stay hotels and hotel-book stay guesthouses match your needs. May I recommend the Cambridge Belfry?
I'd recommend the huntingdon marriott hotel. If you'd like, I can see if they have an availability. What day are you arriving?
This would be 500.22. Is there anything else I can help you with ?
What area of town?
Thanks!
There are 21 places that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down based on anything else, such as hotel-parking parking or whether it's a hotel-type or guesthouse?
No problem.  Your reference number is GWQNWQXD.  Anything else?
OK, if you would like me to book a room, I'll need the number of people, the number of nights you're staying, and your arrival day.
The Bridge Guest House is hotel-book stay stars and located in the south. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, Acorn Guest House is a hotel-book stay star guest house with hotel-parking internet and hotel-parking parking in the hotel-area part of town. Should I book it for you?
Yes I have one hotel-type and one guesthouse in the hotel-area of town.
I have Ashley Hotel or Lovell Lodge on the North side of town. They both have hotel-parking wifi and parking. Can I book one of those for you?
You're very welcome. Goodbye.
Yes there are many. When should I book it for and how many?
They are in in the hotel-area area. 
I have hotel-book stay different options for you. I have two cheaper guesthouses and two hotel-price range hotels. Do you have a preference? 
Thank you and have a great day, goodbye.
Howe about the archway house, they have rooms. Your reference number is VCECU7M4. Is that okay?
We have hotel-book stay such places! Any preference on area?
I booked a room for you at the Gonville Hotel at Gonville Place. Your reference number is 4ZRJZIVU.  Can I help you with anything else today?
You're welcome. Good bye.
Finches Bed and Breakfast is a 4-star guesthouse in the hotel-area in the hotel-price range price range with hotel-parking internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
You.re welcome Goodbye
Great! Have a great day!
How about the alexander bed and breakfast?  It's got a hotel-book stay star rating and is cheap.
I have hotel-book stay hotels that meet your criteria, hotel-book stay are in the hotel-area and one is in the centre. Do you have a preference?
The Lensfield Hotel would be the place then. It's expensive, 3-star rated with hotel-parking wifi and hotel-parking parking. Would you like me to book a room for you? 
How about acorn guest house?
The hotel-area belfry is hotel-book stay star hotel-type in the hotel-price range price range in the hotel-area part of town. Do you want me to book this hotel?
You're so welcome. Bye!
I am sorry the acorn doesn't have a room available then, how about another hotel?
Sure! The address is regent street	and the postcode is cb21ad.
The alpha-milton guest house is available, which is a hotel-book stay star hotel. Would you like me to reserve it for you?
Okay, what area would you like to stay in?
There are 16 entries here. Personally I recommend allenbell. 
The full name of your hotel-type is express by holiday inn Cambridge. Do you need further assistance?
I have successfully booked your room. The reference number is  UUF3948J. Can I be of further assistance? 
thank you very much bye
I'm sorry, your booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or a shorter stay?
Good news! The Lensfield is available. Your reservation is for hotel-book stay nights, starting from Tuesday for hotel-book stay people. The reference number is R36NGMC9. 
It is rated hotel-book stay stars,
I found the Leverton House which meets your requirements.  It is in the hotel-area at 732-734 newmarket road.  Do you need a reservation?
Alright. You're all set. Enjoy!
What days will you need the reservation for?
Yes, it does have internet.
Yes, it's in the centre.
Ok we have two guesthouses with that criteria, the Carolina Bed and Breakfast, and the Warkworth House.
So do I! have a great day!
I can't find anything that fits my criteria
Yes Kirkwood house has both internet and parking available, would you like help booking a room?
There are hotel-book stay guesthouses with hotel-book stay star ratings in Cambridge with hotel-price range to hotel-price range price ranges. Would you like more information?
Sure.  Does price matter?  We can narrow it down and find exactly what you need.
The hamilton lodge is in the hotel-area area and has parking and internet. Would you like me to book that for you?
I would like to recommend aylesbray lodge guest house,would that be alright with you?
Cityroomz is a hotel-type located in the hotel-area area. It is a hotel-stars star hotel-type and has a hotel-price range price range. They also offer internet. Their phone number is 01223304050
The Aylesbray Lodge Guesthouse and The Bridge Guesthouse are in the hotel-area area with a hotel-price range price range and both have hotel-parking wifi. Can I book one of these for you?
Okay, have a great day!
There are 29 hotels that fit your criteria. Do you have an area or price range that you prefer?
Enjoy your stay.
The Avalon is a 4-star, moderately priced guesthouse on the hotel-area side of town. They offer hotel-parking parking and hotel-parking internet.
Archway house is in the hotel-price range price range. They are located at: 52 gilbert road. Anythign else you need?
Okay I was able to book you into the Marriott Hotel and your reference number is CQE0WWXH.
You are most welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
I have located 15 guesthouse types in the hotel-price range price range. Do you have a preference for a particular area of town?
The Alpha-Milton Guesthouse is moderately priced and is in the hotel-area area.
How many days would you like to book the room for? Starting when? Also, for how many people?
Alright. Enjoy the remainder of your stay!
Hello, hotel-parking there are hotel-book stay places to stay in the hotel-area part of town with parking. What price range are you looking for?
Have a great stay!
Of course! Cambridge boasts many wonderful guesthouses. What did you have in mind?
You're welcome. Thank you for calling and goodbye.
You are very welcome! Enjoy your stay! Goodbye! 
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
Of course.  Do you know the name of the hotel?
The phone number for the kirkwood house is 01223306283. May I assist you with anything else today?
You are welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
Yes, I was able to book the Gonville hotel, Starting on Thursday for hotel-book stay nights for hotel-book stay people. Your reference number is 5VNA5FPP. Would that work for you?
Okay. Have a good day!
Cityroomz is located in the hotel-area and is moderately priced.
Great! I have booked you at Lovell Lodge with reference number 6YI7ENAC. May I help with anything else?
I have 9 guesthouses that meet your criteria. Is there an area you are interested in?
There are hotel-book stay hotels in the North that offer internet. Do you have a specific price range?
Enjoy your stay at the hamilton lodge. Have a great day.
Sorry, that booking wasn't available. Maybe another day or a shorter stay would work?
There are 21 guesthouses with hotel-parking parking. What are your preferences for area or price range so I can narrow the search?
We have hotel-book stay guesthouses with hotel-parking parking in hotel-price range price range.
Is there anything else that you need today?
Yes, it has hotel-parking parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
I have 13 hotels in the hotel-area ranging from hotel-price range to moderately priced. Would you like to narrow it down by choosing a star rating?
Booked at worth house. Reference number: DKEC3GVH.

I have 14 options spread out all over town. Do you have a preference as to the area you want to stay? 
I am sorry there are hotel-parking hotels that match either.  Would you like to try a different part of town or star rating?
I have 19 hotels or guest houses throughout the city that meet your needs.  Can you tell me if you want a hotel-type or a guest house? 
You're welcome. Have a nice day. 
I am sorry they don't have a room available. Perhaps you would like to try another hotel?
There are many hotels available, do you have any preferences to price or area? 
welcome again next time
You are very welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would recommend Acorn Guest House.  How many people will be in your party and for how many days?
How about Hobsons House? It is a moderately priced guesthouse in the hotel-area end.
You're so welcome. Thank you.
The hotel-area belfry meets your criteria! Would you like me to book that for you?
Unfortunately there are none on the hotel-area side of town that fit your criteria. Would you like me to look in another part of the city?
Yes, I have two guesthouses in the hotel-price range range, and two hotels in the hotel-price range range, all in hotel-area with hotel-parking parking. Would you have any other criteria to narrow it down?
I was able to book you at the allenbell. Reference number BON67CDZ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
Glad I could help. Thank you
Archway house is available. It is a moderately priced guest house in the hotel-area with wifi. Your reference number is TBHIHEJT. Would that work for you?
It was my pleasure. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
They sure do, as well as hotel-parking internet.  Would you like me to book you a room now?
I can recommend a nice 4-star hotel-type for you, the Huntingdon Marriott.  Would you like to know more about it?
It's on the hotel-area side of town. The postcode is cb13js, and the phone number is 01223210353.
Of course, what day would you like your reservation to begin?
We have listings for hotel-book stay hotels and hotel-book stay guesthouse on the hotel-area side with hotel-parking parking. Do you have a price range in mind so we can narrow it down?
All hotel-book stay have hotel-parking wifi included.
Hamilton lodge is a moderately priced guesthouse in the hotel-area with hotel-book stay stars and hotel-parking wifi and parking. Do you want to make reservations?
There are hotel-book stay guesthouses that meet that criteria. Do you have a preferred price range?
How many people are staying, and for how many days?
I do recommend huntingdon marriott hotel, but it is in the hotel-price range price range. I want to confirm this is okay before booking. 
Cityroomz has hotel-parking wifi and does not offer hotel-parking parking. Do you want me to book it for you?
May I suggest the guesthouse called the Leverton House.
Yes, they do offer hotel-parking internet. Would you like me to make a booking?
The Acorn Guest House appears to meet your Criteria.   Would you like more details on this hotel?
Yes, both are hotels with hotel-parking parking. Would you like me to book one of them?
Have a good day!
The allenbell is in the hotel-area area. Would you like a reservation?
I found the cityroomz hotel-type in the hotel-area part of town.  Would you like to book a room?
Yes, the Lensfield Hotel is an hotel-price range hotel-type in the hotel-area with hotel-book stay stars, hotel-parking wifi, and hotel-parking parking. It's located at 53-57 lensfield road cb21en. Would you like to book?
I only am coming up with worth house. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes. Do you have a preference for the hotel's area or price range?
I do not have anything like that, perhaps another criteria for you?
I would be more than happy to. Are you looking for a hotel-type in a particular part of town? 
There are 21 guesthouses with hotel-parking parking. Is there a particular area or price range you'd like to look at?
Okay is there anything else I can do for you?
I found one called Carolina bed and breakfast, same price range, starts and both internet and parking. Would you like me to make your reservation there?
I have located 33 hotel-price range priced places with hotel-parking parking, do you have any other preferences so I can narrow things down for you?
Sorry, that booking is unavailable. Perhaps another day or a shorter stay would work for you?
The lensfield hotel-type is in the south. Do you want me to book it for you?
Thank you for contacting, Cambridge TownInfo centre.
How about cityroomz? it is in the hotel-price range price range.
There is nothing in the same price range in the south. Would you like to try another area?
Kirkwood house is a moderately priced hotel-type and its address is 172 chesterton road, cb41da.
Glad I could be of help.
We have 11 to choose from. Do you have preferred quality?
Sorry, they don't have those dates available. Would you like me to try for other days or another location?
Enjoy your stay.  Bye.
The hotel-book stay hotels in the hotel-area have hotel-book stay stars. The one hotel-type in the hotel-area has hotel-stars stars. 
I have The Cambridge Belfry, it is hotel-price range and has wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
We're always happy to help, and I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Booking there was successful. Your Reference number is : EFM3TDR4.
Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a 4-star hotel-type located in the center of town. Would you like to book it?
You're very welcome! Have fun!
Sure, you're all set. Your reference number is H8OMGIP5. May I help with anything else?
I found one guesthouse that meets that criteria.  It is finches bed and breakfast.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Hi, i have many place to choose from. Is there a specific area of town you are looking to stay in? 
No it is not.  Avalon guesthouse is in the hotel-area and in the hotel-price range price range though.  It also has hotel-parking wifi.  Would that work for you?
No hotels meet your criteria. Would you like to change your criteria?
No problem, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day! 
There are hotel-book stay hotel-price range hotels available. Did you have a preference as to area of the hotel?
Yes, the Avalon is in the hotel-price range price range. Would you like to book a room?
Good day, thank you for using us, if you need anything else let is know. 
I'm sorry, but it's not available for your references. Would you like to try a different day or fewer days?
I actually found the Hobsons House which is a moderately priced hotel-book stay star guesthouse with hotel-parking parking in the hotel-area part of town. Would it be okay?
Your reference number is indeed CB8VVF4M. They also have hotel-parking wifi.
Thank you if you need any more help please let us know.
There are hotel-book stay option in the north. Do you have any other preferences to help narrow down your choice?
I found hotel-book stay guesthouses for you. What part of the towns do you prefer to stay? 
You're welcome! Enjoy your stay! Goodbye.
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.
Yes, I will book hotel-book stay nights at The Marriot for hotel-book stay people starting Wednesday. Anything else I can do for you?
I'm sorry, that isn't available.  Can I find a different hotel-type for you today?
I have located citiroomz in the hotel-area area, would you like me to book you?
How about the University Arms Hotel? It is a hotel-book stay star hotel-type in the hotel-area of town with hotel-parking wifi and hotel-parking parking. 
You are very welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
Wonderful. Your room has been booked for hotel-book stay nights. Your reference number is HH78SJFP. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure thing. I have two options for you, and they are both guesthouses. One in the east, and one in the north. Do you have a preference? 
You're welcome, have a great day!
Yes, Acorn guest house has wifi. Would you like me to make a reservation? 
There are a total of 9 hotels currently that match your descriptions. Is there a certain price range or are location you need the hotel-type to be in?
Thank you using the Cambridge TownInfo service, and enjoy your stay in our city!
You are welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Goodbye.
Allenbell guesthouse is available. It's in the hotel-price range price range and has hotel-parking parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
There are hotel-book stay options: one in the North and one in the town Centre. Which would you like?
The acorn guest house is in the hotel-area part of town. Would you like to make a booking?
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : KA34QUWB.
Both of those hotels are completely booked up when trying to fit that criteria. Perhaps we can try different specifications?
I have two options. The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House and the Bridge Guest House. Both offer hotel-parking wifi and parking. Can I help arrange a room for you?
I have the hotel-area belfry on the hotel-area side with internet and parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
Let me know if you would my assistance. Goodbye!
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day. Bye now.
Leverton House is in the hotel-price range price range. Is there any other information I can get for you?
You're very welcome. If you need information or reservations, we'd be happy to assist.
Alexander bed and breakfast	is a guesthouse in the hotel-price range price range in the hotel-area of town.
The acorn house is moderately priced, hotel-book stay stars, and in the north.
OK, have a great day. Don't hesitate to contact us if you think of something you do need.
Your welcome. Can I help you find anything else today?
Is there anything else you need?
Unfortunately, I don't happen to have anything that meets your specifications. Can I look in another area for you? 
No problem! Happy to help! Have a great day!
I'd recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like to book a room?
I have several options for you in the center of town. Do you have a price range in mind?
I have 14 places that match your request. Is there a certain area or type of lodging that you would like?
I am sorry. I could not make that booking. Would you like to try another hotel?
I found acorn guest house. It is moderately priced and has four stars! Would you like me to book that for you?
I was able to book you at Warkworth House, the reference number is VTZK341T. Can I help you with anything else?
I am afraid that was unsuccessful. Would you like me to find another hotel?
Ok, let's book The Lensfield Hotel for you Saturday for hotel-book stay people for hotel-book stay nights.
No, it has hotel-book stay stars
There are many options that could satisfy your request, what price range do you require?
We dont have any one star hotels
There are 33 hotels that are hotel-book stay star. Is there a particular part of the city?
Sure, it is a hotel-type and the phone number is 01480446000. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The booking was unsuccessful.  Is there another hotel-type you would like me to look into?
I am happy I was able to confirm your booking. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : RSNEQ2JV.
lovell lodge is in postcode area cb41sr, and is a hotel-book stay star location with hotel-parking wifi.
In what area please?
The address of the Autumn house is 710 Newmarket Road and the phone number is 01223575122 and I will make that reservation.
I'd be happy to help you with that booking.  Just tell me how many are in your party, and what nights you are looking for accommodation.
I have you booked at the El Shaddai, the reference number is K8J1T9N4. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
There are over twenty four-star hotels or guesthouses. What area do you prefer?
The postcode is cb41xa. Can I help with anything else?
I have nothing in the hotel-area that matched your criteria, only hotel-area and centre. 
Thank you for using our system!
You're welcome! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I am sorry I have hotel-parking guest houses in the west. Can I look one up in another area for you?
The lensfield hotel-type is an hotel-price range hotel-book stay star hotel-type in the hotel-area area. Their address is 53-57 lensfield road. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
bridge guest house is a nice place.Would you like me to book it for you ?
Booking was sucessful. Your reference number is IAH92T2M.
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : CM5SEPYO. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I have several hotels available with a hotel-book stay star rating but none in an hotel-price range price range.  Would a hotel-price range range work for you?
I've found plenty of places with hotel-parking wi-fi. Is there a certain area you're looking for? Or a certain price range?
We have 13 places to stay on the hotel-area side of town. Do you have any preference of whether you'd like to stay in a hotel-type or a guesthouse?
How many people would be staying and how many days will you be staying?
Goodbye. Enjoy your trip. 
Unfortunately, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like for me to find another hotel-type for you?
I have two two star hotels in the hotel-area that are both moderately priced.  Do you have any other requirements such internet or parking?
There are several like that. Would you like to book a room at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast, or perhaps one of the others?
University arms hotel-type is located in the hotel-area of town.
i am recommending  the acorn guest house
I was able to book allenbell, reference number is KZBURD59.
I have 23 guesthouses with wifi. Is there a particular area of the city you would like to stay in?
There are 16 guesthouses that meet those requirements. Any preference on price range?
It's been my pleasure. Have a great stay in Cambridge.
For how many people please and how long is your stay going to be?
I'm sorry, I don't have anything that matches that description, but I do have two 2-star hotels with WIFI in the hotel-price range price range.
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is in the center part of town and fits all of your criteria. Would you like to book it?
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to find another hotel?
The alexander bed and breakfast is a hotel-book stay star guesthouse, located at 56 saint barnabas road.
Allenbell is at 517A Coldham Lane. Would you like me to help you book a room there?
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a hotel-price range hotel-book stay star guesthouse in the hotel-area of town. Would you like me to book it for you?
I have made a reservation for you at city hotel-area North b and b for hotel-book stay nights for hotel-book stay people starting on Sunday. Your reference number is T1X3A0DO.
Great, thank you and goodbye!
Okay, there are 11 places to stay that might work. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
Expensive price. What type would you prefer?
Yes they do! Do you have any other questions about Rosa's? 
I have hotel-book stay different ones all around town. Did you prefer to stay in a certain area? 
I have hotel-book stay hotels in the east. Three are inexpensive and two are moderately priced. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
The Acorn Guest House is a moderately-priced 4-star hotel-type in the hotel-area area and has parking. Does this sound acceptable to you?
How many nights?
There were hotel-parking matches found.
The Avalon guesthouse has a hotel-book stay star rating. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes, it has hotel-parking parking and wifi. Would you like me to make a reservation for you at the express by holiday inn cambridge?
I'm sorry, but there seems to be hotel-parking rooms available. Could I interest you in another hotel? 
Thank you, is that all?
I have two for you to choose from. I have the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west, and the University Arms Hotel in the hotel-area of town. 
Sure, I'm here yo help. Have a lovely stay!
There are hotel-book stay places in the south. hotel-book stay guesthouses and hotel-book stay hotel. Which would you prefer?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like something else?
You're very welcome. Thanks for letting me assist you. Bye!
I have reserved you a room at the allenbell guesthouse for hotel-book stay on Friday, for hotel-book stay nights, reference number O35QES09.
Yes, and their phone number is 01223363682. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park.  Would you like a reservation?
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : E69CNU30.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, it is a moderately priced hotel-book stay star guesthouse located in the north. Free parking and internet. Would you like to make a booking?
I have several options that meet your needs. I would recommend the Avalon, unless you need hotel-parking parking.
Sure, I'd be happy to. How many total people will be staying with you?
Your welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have 13 hotels on the hotel-area side of town, do you have any preferences for price range, internet or parking?  
The postcode is cb13lh.
I apologize, but the hotel-type isn't available during that time frame.
The price range at the Avalon is moderate. Do you have any more questions?
I do. It's a moderately priced hotel-book stay star hotel.
Can you give me the name of the hotel-type you're looking for?
When would you like to visit? 
Their number is 01223525725.
I'm sorry there is hotel-parking availability for hotel-book stay nights from Monday, would you like me to try a different date or a different hotel? 
Rosa's bed and breakfast is a hotel-price range priced guesthouse in the hotel-area part of the city. 
I have a few places, do you have a price range in mind?
Unfortunately, no. Can we try a shorter stay period?
There are 21 guesthouses with hotel-parking parking.  Are you looking for a particular price range or location?
Is there anything else?
Actually I was able to book Archway House for you after all.  hotel-book stay Nights.  Your reference number is MHAH7NWT. Do you need anything else?
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Arbury Lodge guesthouse is able to accommodate your party of hotel-book stay for Thursday night. Your reference number is 7PLMHREX. Is there anything else you need?
I have the city hotel-area hotel-area b and b and the worth house. They are both a guesthouse with internet and parking. Would you like to book one?
Sure, there are hotel-book stay entries for the eastside, hotel-book stay hotel-type and hotel-book stay guesthouses. Are there any special amenities you need or a price range you're looking for? 
Certainly, we have many moderately priced hotels in Cambridge. What area of town would you like to stay in? 
I have hotel-book stay hotels that meet your needs hotel-book stay are moderately priced and hotel-book stay are expensive.  Do you have a preference?
I'm sorry there are hotel-parking rooms available for that hotel-type for the nights you want, would you like me to try something else?
Yes, it is a hotel. Can I book it for you?
One night was a success. Your reference number is KYH3R6AZ.
Sure! That is BANQDUCA.
The Acorn Guest House is a moderately priced hotel-book stay star guesthouse that has hotel-parking parking and wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Okay I booked you at the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is Z0322EQ3. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Your welcome. Have a good day.
There is the Gonville hotel-type in the hotel-area and The Lensfield hotel-type in the south, both have hotel-parking internet and parking.  Would you like to book one of these?
You're welcome. Goodbye!
No problem. Just give me a date, how many days, and how many people to accommodate please!
I'm sorry, that isn't available.  Would you like me to try the other one, El Shaddai?
I am a bit confused. Did you want a guesthouse or a hotel? If you want a hotel, I can book the Ashley hotel-type for you.
I have made a booking and it went through. Your Reference number is : AEBKVJV3.
There are several to choose from.  Would you like a hotel-type or a guestroom?
Yes, I've booked you for hotel-book stay night at the Ashley Hotel.
Yes, I have found hotel-book stay to choose from.  Would you prefer a hotel-price range price or something cheap?
I am sorry there are hotel-parking matches. Would you like to try a hotel-book stay or hotel-book stay star hotel?
Do you have a price range that you are looking for?
They do not have parking.
There are many hotel-price range places. In which area would you like to search for a place to stay?
If you tell me when you will be staying, how many people and for how many days, I can book you at he home from home?
Yes, they both have hotel-parking wifi as well. 
I have 10 hotels that fit your criteria. Do you have a preferred area of town?
It is a hotel-book stay star guesthouse in the hotel-area with hotel-parking internet and parking. Anything else today?
There are several places that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference on star rating?
The Avalon doesn't have room for hotel-book stay nights starting Monday. How about a different day or a shorter stay? 
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
The Cambridge Belfry is a hotel-book stay star hotel-type and has both hotel-parking wifi and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
I have the Lensfield Hotel, but it is on the hotel-area side. Would that do?
The Huntingdon Marriott is expensive, and I also have the Cambridge Belfry, which is cheap. Are you interested in one of these?
The Ashley is unavailable. I can book you at Lovell lodge though.
For just one day?
I have hotel-book stay options for you - would you like hotel-price range or expensive? I have nothing in between.
Unfortunately, I don't have any hotels meeting those requirements, but I do have several guesthouses that do. Would you be interested in one of those?
You are welcome.  Have a great day.
Yes, I will book at autumn house for hotel-book stay night for hotel-book stay people starting Monday.
I'm sorry, your booking was unsuccessful.  How about acorn guest house? They also have hotel-parking internet and parking. Shall I try booking that for you?
You're very welcome. Have a wonderful stay!
Yes I can confirm that Warkworth house has internet, can I help with anything else?
I have hotel-book stay guesthouses in the hotel-area that are moderately priced and hotel-book stay stars, are you looking for internet or parking?
Sure.  Glad to help.
Yes, indeed. We have more than 20. Do you have any additional preferences?
I'm sorry, the huntingdon marriott hotel-type is not available. Would you like to try another.  The university arms hotel-type is a nice hotel-type in the city centre. 
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 6JGB7U7H. The Acorn Guest house. Need any thing else?
I have two, does the area matter to you?
The Finches Bed and Breakfast fits those requirements. Would you like me to book that for you?
 There are 33 hotels in Cambridge.  What price range would you like, and what area?
Yes, they both do. Aylesbray is at hotel-book stay Mowbray Road, and Rosa's is located at 53 Roseford Road.
Hamilton Lodge is located at 156 chesterton road, postcode cb41da.  Would you like to make a reservation?
I need to narrow the search. What area do you want to stay in? Do you prefer hotel-price range or cheap?
Thank you and please remember us for your future travel needs.
Sorry, there isn't any vacancy for those days.  Would you care to stay just the Wednesday?
There are hotel-book stay hotel-price range guesthouses if you still want to stay on the hotel-area side of town, they both have internet and parking. Would either of these work?
Yes, the postcode is pe296fl. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'm sorry, but there are hotel-parking rooms available for the days you have requested. Would you like to try another hotel?
Postcode is CB39LH.  Anything else?
Yes, they both do! Do either fancy your interest?
What day would you like the reservation to start?
What night will you begin your stay and how many nights will you be staying?
Okay. I was ablt to book you into there and your reference number is O4BPEOXQ.
I regret to inform you that I could not book a room at the requested location. Would you like to try another hotel?
Okay.  Let us know if you need further assistance.
The arbury lodge guesthouse is the hotel-area area with hotel-parking parking and wifi. Would you care to book a room here?
Ok, booking you three nights for hotel-book stay people starting Friday.
Sorry, still zero matches. Perhaps some other criteria?
Glad I could help.  Have a nice stay.  Bye.
There is also archway house,would you like me to check booking there as well?
Enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Goodbye!
I have Gonville Hotel in the hotel-area and The Lensfield Hotel in the hotel-area that both meet your needs. Would you like to book one of these two?
Good news, The Acorn just opened up for one night. Your reference number is UKMNFD3Q.  Can I help you with anything else today?
How about cityroomz? They have hotel-parking internet.
Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
Rosa's bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the hotel-area area that meets your preferences. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
There are 10 hotel-price range places to stay. Do you have any other preferences or would you like my recommendation?
It is in the North part of town.
I found 10 places, do you have a hotel-type style preference of gueshouse or hotel, or an area you prefer?
There are 33 hotels that satisfy your request are you looking for a specific area of town?
Yes, I've reserved you for one night.
Okay. I am glad I could be of help.
I have found three hotels which in the hotel-price range and hotel-price range price range. They are also located in the hotel-area and hotel-area area. Which do you prefer?
Yes, would you like some information or do you want to go ahead and book it?
That worked. Your reference number is YZMQ4JNN.
I have you booked at Hamilton Lodge. The reference number is TGSVA9OC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have lots of guesthouses available with parking, do you have a preference for area? 
Thank you for using this system!
The university arms hotel-type is an hotel-price range hotel-type in the hotel-area with internet and parking. Would you like me to make a booking?
I will need to know the day you will be arriving, the amount of days and for how many people before making the reservation.
Perfect! Can you tell me how many nights, people and what day you'll be arriving?
Booking was successful for the bridge guest house. Your Reference number is : LBEOV690.
It's a hotel-price range hotel-book stay star guesthouse and the number is 01223525725.  
The booking was unsuccessful.
Have a wonderful day!!
The alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap, hotel-book stay star guesthouse in the hotel-area area, It has wifi and parking. Does this fit your needs?
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to try another option?
Yes for what day and time please?
Sure.  Your reference number is ZELLMALY.
Do you need any further assistance?
Yes. It is a moderately priced hotel-type in the hotel-area of town. They don't have a star rating, but do offer hotel-parking wifi. Would you like help booking a room there?
Of course, in which area of town will you be staying?
The Avalon is located at 62 Gilbert Road, CB43PD.  Would you like me to book this for you?
I have hotel-book people All guesthouses. One is located in the south, the other the hotel-area and the last in the west.
I have hotel-book stay guesthouses all in the hotel-price range price range. Is there a particular area you wish to stay in?
Great! Lets go with aylesbray lodge guest house. Would you like me to book that for you?
Okay have a great day!
I have booked you a room at the Autumn House. Their address is 710 newmarket road. Phone number is 01223575122. Reference number is : YU3MOAHH.
Oh, yes. I have about 15 different options for you. Is there an area of town you prefer to stay in?
There are three hotels in the center of town. Do you prefer something hotel-price range or expensive? 
The booking was successful for hotel-book stay people for hotel-book stay nights at acorn guest house  .  Your reference# is  NUYR7OQG. Is there anything else?
I'm sorry, I was unable to book the finches for you. I can check in the different area or price range, if you like.
We have 13 available lodging areas in the north. Any preferences?
A and B guest house is available.
I have the carolina bed and breakfast or warkworth house.  Would you like me to try one of those?
I have about hotel-book stay different options. Most are moderately priced. There is one that is cheap. Do you have a preference as to which? 
We have ones with hotel-parking parking in the hotel-area in the cheap, hotel-price range and hotel-price range range. Do you have a preference for hotel-type or guesthouse? 
I"m sorry but in that price range and star rating there is only the holiday express. Could we try another star rating?
aylesbray lodge guest house or rosa's bed and breakfast are both available
Of course.  Reference number COIMDB7B.  Can I help with anything else today?
Sure.  Do you want the same part of town?
The Reference number is : 3YXIHQLI.  Can I assist you any further?
I have hotel-book stay guesthouses in the hotel-area with hotel-book stay stars, are you looking for hotel-price range or hotel-price range pricing? 
Okay glad I could help.
I do like the Avalon. It's a very nice place and it fits your requirements.
Excellent! I hope the hotel-type is a pleasure. 
Unfortunately booking was unsuccessful.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Would you like for me to book reservations for restaurants and museums?
Yes, that's a guesthouse in the hotel-area of town. Is there some particular information you'd like about it, or I could help you book a room?
I don't see any hotels with hotel-parking internet in hotel-price range price range. 
I have hotel-book stay hotel-price range hotel-book stay star hotels, one in the hotel-area and one in the hotel-area of town. Do you have a preference to area?
Glad I could help and enjoy your stay.
There are 23 guesthouses available. Can you tell me what area you are looking for?
Oh yes, several.  Are there any addition preferences on those?
Okay, I will need to know how many people are staying and the duration please.
Absolutely! The Allenbell is a guesthouse in the east. It has hotel-book stay stars and is relatively cheap. They offer their guests hotel-parking wifi and parking. Would you like any other info?
Very good.  You are set for hotel-book stay night at Rosa's.  The reference number is 8QUJMPP7.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Do you have a area or price preference?
Booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to find another hotel?
That booking was successful, your reference number is TFPBTYHN. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Your booking was successful and reference number is 3ZYK9LO1. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.
Thank you as well, let us know if you need help with anything else.
I'm sorry booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try for a shorter stay?
The booking was successful, your reference code is 8090X905. Do you want further assistance?
There are none found.
Great, how many people will be staying? Also, how many days you will be staying?
The hotel-type is booked and the reference number is H3MWAYDX. Your wife can sleep calm now.
We have many with those features. Do you have any other preferences to narrow it down, such as price range or location?
I was unable to get you that booking, perhaps a different day or length of stay?
We have hotel-book stay guesthouses with a hotel-book stay star rating. hotel-book stay of the them are moderately priced and one is in the hotel-price range range. Do you have a preference?
I have located several guesthouses with hotel-parking parking. Can you tell me the area you would like to stay in and the price range? That would help narrow our search.
It is the Cambridge Belfry hotel-type and the phone number is 01954714600. Do you need any other details?
The Lovell Lodge is in the same price range, and I was able to book that for you. Ref#T03205PR. Can I help you with anything else today?
The Gonville hotel-type has hotel-book stay stars and parking, and the University Arms hotel-type has hotel-book stay stars and parking. They are both expensive. Would you like more details? 
I cannot see the price but it does say it is cheap. Their address is 41 Warkworth Street.  Would you like me to book it of you?
Its listed as expensive.
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
All of the hotel-book stay star hotels I have listed have wifi. Is that okay or would you like me to look for a hotel-type with a different star rating?
I have found 19 possible choices. Do you have a specific area in mind?
I have you booked into the Finches Bed and Breakfast. Your reference number is C12WFP62. Is there anything else I can do for your today?
Thank you goodbye!
Okay, we've got the the hotel-area belfry.  Shall I book you a room?
I was able to get you in at Archway House. Your reference number is WUMUZ0JX. Can I help you with anything else?
May I please have the specific area and price range? So that I may narrow down the search.
I'm very sorry. That booking was unavailable. Would you like to find another hotel?
How about the Allenbell? The address is 517a coldham lane.
There are several that meet that criteria. I can recommend the Autumn House in the East of the city.
The Warkworth House is a 4-star guesthouse in the hotel-area that is moderately priced. Would you like me to book it for you?
which offers wifi for free?
Thank you, if you need anything else let me know.Good Bye.
I have many options for you. Is there a certain area of town you're interested in?
There are hotel-book stay including bridge guest house.
your booking was successful. is there anything else i can help you with?
The Cambridge belfry is a four star hotel-type in the hotel-price range price range.  Would you like me to book it for you?
It is a hotel-price range guesthouse in the hotel-area of town. Would you like to book a room?
Would you like me to book it for you?
I have the acorn guest house that is rated hotel-book stay stars and in the hotel-price range price range.
Just to clarify, is it a hotel-type you need, or will a guest house serve? Because I have hotel-book stay guest houses matching your needs, but hotel-parking actual hotels.
That one was successful! Your reference number is REZ4BR01.
I have hotel-book stay hotels in the city that meet your request. Are you looking for a certain area of the city?
I'm sorry, I was not able to book Aylesbray. Would you like me to try another hotel?
Nice! I hope you enjoy this beautiful city, I found hotel-book stay hotels for you. What is your price range?
That one is unavailable. Would you like me to try one of the others?
Thank you, have a great day.
Happy to be of service. Goodbye!
Great thank you.
There are 11 places to stay in the hotel-area part of town that are moderately priced. Do you have a need for parking or internet? 
Acorn house is on the hotel-area side, has a 4-star rating and is in the hotel-price range price range. They have hotel-parking WIFI. What dates do you need?
Thank you, do you need anything else?
Yes, they have hotel-parking wifi and their postcode is cb42da. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo hotel-area today, and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I have several 4-star guesthouses. Might I suggest the Warkworth house. It's located in the hotel-area and offers both hotel-parking wifi and parking. 
Thank you, good day. Let us know if you need any thing else. 
I was able to book a room for you at the University Arms hotel. hotel-book stay nights starting on Tuesday for hotel-book stay people. Your reference number is  U5HXNKXO. 
This is an hotel-price range hotel.
There are two options available, which would you prefer hotel-price range or expensive?
Your booking was successful. The reference number is 8JGI0F6Y. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 49R7ARU6.
What day will you be arriving?
Thank you, good bye.
Leverton house has internet. Would you like help booking a room? 
There is the worth house it is hotel-price range and has a hotel-book stay star rating.  May I book that for you?
I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different hotel?
I have one, the Bridge Guest House, shall I book it for you?
City hotel-area hotel-area b and b is a guesthouse in the hotel-area and is in the hotel-price range price range. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
There is hotel-book stay hotel-type and 9 guesthouses in the hotel-price range price range. Do you have a preference for type or area?
Great! I was able to book that for you and your reference number is TXV8RUST. Is there anything else I can do for you?
The hotel-type is express by holiday inn cambridge. It is in the hotel-area and in the hotel-price range price range. It includes hotel-parking internet and parking. Shall I book it?
I am sorry there are hotel-parking others in that price range in that area. Would another area be okay?
You are booked into the carolina bed and breakfast. Your reference number is WXN8W3MZ. May I help you with anything else?
Okay I have the Cambridge Belfry which is a hotel-book stay star hotel-price range hotel-type in the hotel-area part of the city. Would you like for me to book it for you?
It is listed in the hotel-price range price range.
You are booked for hotel-book stay nights starting Wednesday for hotel-book stay people. The reference number is 11SD75ME. May I help you with anything else?
I sure can, what would you like for your hotel?
I couldn't book that one either. Would you like to change your criteria?
You're welcome. Please contact us if you would like us to make the reservation instead.
There are several that fit the bill. I could recommend Limehouse. Would you like me to help you book there, or are there other factors you'd like to consider?
I have one that fits. It's the Hobsons House located in the west. It's 3-star rated and offers hotel-parking wifi and parking. It's also moderately priced. Would you like a room?
I have successfully booked your stay at the Lensfield Hotel for two nights. 716V6QS6 is your reference number.
A and B Guest House fits your criteria. It's a 4-star guesthouse on 124 Tenison Road. Are you interested in booking there?
How about the el shaddai, they have hotel-parking internet and hotel-parking parking?
Hobsons House is a moderately-priced, 3-star guesthouse in the west. I was able to book that for you, ref#LQIVXPCX. Can I help with anything else today?
I was able to book you into Kirkwood house. Your reference number is ANO69RVP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ashley hotel-type is hotel-book stay stars with hotel-parking internet and hotel-parking parking lot. 
Gonville hotel-type is in the hotel-price range price range.
Reference number is : YBUKJ2IZ. Would you like restaurant reservations or information on area attractions?
I would also recommend archway house would you like me to check booking there?
Yes it does. Would you like to make a reservation?
I'm sorry, I was unable to book that one. I have several guesthouses in the hotel-price range price range, would you like me to try one of those?
I have found one that is hotel-price range with hotel-book stay stars, and one that is moderately priced with hotel-book stay stars? Do either of those sound appealing to you?
The postcode is cb12dp and the address is 124 tenison road. Do you want me to book it for you?
Booking was successful.Your Reference number is : 76HG81V6. Anything else I can do for you?
What type of information do you need?
I was able to get a room for you at gonville hotel-type for monday. Your reference number is 96GT1K88. Is there anything else?
Unfortunately, I was not able to make a booking for that. We could try for another day or see if they have availability for a shorter stay.
Okay, how many people will be in your party?
I was able to get you into the El Shaddai and your reference number is JG24DZVF.
I'm sorry.  They are booked up through those days.  Would you like to try for one day?
That wasn't available but I booked you at the Bridge Guest House.  It has everything you were looking for.  The reference number is 1AMM7M53.  
Absolutely. It is in Warkworth Terrace, postcode cb11ee.
when would you like to move into the guest house
There are hotel-book stay guesthouses that fit your needs. May I recommend Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?
Okay, your all set. The reference number is  0IS0GU49. Can I do anything else for you?
I have eight results. Do you need hotel-parking parking? 
Certainly, it is a moderately priced hotel-book stay star guesthouse on the northend. It doesn't offer hotel-parking wifi or parking. Would you like the phone number or address?
I reserved a room at the hotel-price range hotel-book stay star University Arms Hotel.  It is in the city hotel-area though. Reference number is A3SLP7HG. Is there anything else today?
The Hamilton Lodge is a hotel-book stay star hotel-type in the hotel-price range price range, it has hotel-parking parking. Would you like me to book that for you? 
It is not open then, how about a shorter stay?
I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to find you another guesthouse?
The Cambridge Butterfly is not open then, shall I try another?
Your welcome, Is there anything else I can help you with?
Glad to have been of assistance. Have a good day. Goodbye.
No problem.  Your reference number is U6E0DEZR.
2UOVP3E0 is your confirmation, may I get you anything else?
Have an enjoyable stay. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Good bye.
There are 21 guesthouses offering both wifi and parking. Are you looking for a specific price range or star rating?
We have two options available. Would you prefer hotel-price range or cheap?
OK, you're all booked for hotel-book stay nights at the Warkworth House, starting Thursday. Your reference number is AC1NVW47. Can I help with anything else today?
It has hotel-book stay stars, and the postcode is cb42je. 
The acorn guesthouse is in the hotel-area of the city and is rated hotel-book stay stars. Their phone number is 01223353888.
There are three options, two of which have both hotel-parking parking and hotel-parking wifi. Would you like to book at one of them?
That booking was unsuccessful. Will any other length of stay or starting day be possible?
What day do you want that booking to start?
How many nights will you be staying and for how many people?
I'm sorry, there are hotel-parking hotels or guest houses matching that criteria. 
We have many hotels to choose from. Is there a particular area of the city you would like to stay in?
The Allenbell is a guesthouse. Do you have any other specifications I can narrow your search by?
Okay. What part of town do you want to stay in?
Thank you for using our services.
There are 14 options. How about the Avalon? It has hotel-book stay stars and hotel-parking parking and wifi.
You were great. Hope you enjoy your stay. Have a great day.
How about el shaddai. It's a gueshouse and located in the centre. They have hotel-parking internet and parking.
Yes. I can find it.  How many people will be staying?
Would you like me to book you in?
It is a 4-star rating.
Will you be needing hotel-parking parking?
What day did you want to check in?
Certainly, hotel-parking the Allenbell is a hotel-book stay star hotel-type and their postcode is cb13js. Is there anything else I may help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
When do you want your reservation to be and for how many people?
The hamilton lodge is a guesthouse in the hotel-area with a star rating of hotel-book people Would you like to make a booking?
Would you prefer one with internet?
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : NSVESB6H.

Sure.  It is located at 328a Histon Road, post code cb43ht.  The phone number is 01223312843.  Can I be of further help?
Sorry about that! You are booked at the Acorn for hotel-book stay nights, starting Thursday ref #ZUC5SZAP. Can I be of any further assistance today?
In what area would you prefer?
That was open, the reference code is B13IXXHV.
I apologize. That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another hotel?
You have a nice day.  Good bye.
Unfortunately, that hotel-type isn't available during that time. Is there another hotel-type you would like to book?
I have 32 hotels with hotel-parking wifi. Is there a specific part of town you would like to stay in?
You are welcome, enjoy your stay. 
Okay, there are hotel-book stay options. Do you have a price range in mind?
Both of these hotels are booked. Would you like to change any of your parameters?
Sorry, I couldn't find a room available. Would you like to find another hotel?
It is moderate. Can I help further today?
I am glad to help. Have a nice day.  Bye.
I was not able to get you into the Lensfield but I can book you into the Gonville Hotel if you like.
You're welcome! Have a wonderful week at Archway and please contact me if you need anything else.
How about hobsons house?
That narrows it down to 10 locations. Do you have any kind of price range in mind?
you're so very welcome. is there anything else that i may assist you with?
I have hotel-parking hotel-price range bed and breakfast places, shall I try another type or price?
There are two matching results for your needs. The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge. 
Ashley hotel-type has hotel-parking parking, would you like a reservation?
Would you like to book a room at the acorn guest house? It is in the hotel-price range price range like the Hamilton Lodge.
How about the Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
I have many guesthouse to choose from. Is there a specific area of town you are looking to stay in?
I've successfully booked your room. The reference number is VZCXFU9V. 
The Autumn House would be perfect for you. It is a hotel-book stay star guesthouse on the hotel-area end of town. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : ZC6VCAWB.

I have hotel-book stay guesthouses that meet that star requirement. The Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House are all cheap. Carolina B&B and Warkworth House are moderate. Do you have a preference?
I'm sorry, the Lensfield Hotel does not have anything available then. Would you like me to try the Gonville Hotel for you?
I was able to book the room the reference number is YS8H6AOE. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I hope you have a wonderful day. Goodbye!
Thank you for using our services. Have a great stay!
I was able to book you a room for hotel-book stay night at the guesthouse. The reference number is NEZYKV5E. Is there anything else I can do for you?
How about the Allenbell in the hotel-area or the alexander bed and breakfastin the North? Both are guest houses. There's also the the hotel-area belfry hotel-type in the West. 
Okay, how about the a and b guest house?  If fits everything you need.
OK! I can book a room for you if you can tell me the day you're arriving, how many nights you need, and the number of people in your party.
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 565UIMXV.

There is one in the east. It is express by holiday inn cambridge. Do you need a booking?
The acorn guest house fits your needs! It has a four star rating and is located in the north. Would you like me to book it? 
Yes, Carolina B&B and Warkworth House both have hotel-parking parking. 
Hamilton lodge is located at 156 chesterton road, and hotel-parking it does have hotel-parking parking.
The postcode is cb12de. Shall I book a room for you?
Unfortunately, I wasn't able to book you for the day and time you wanted. Would another day or time be alright?
how about alexander bed and breakfast?
Here is the reservation in Avalon guesthouse, the address is 62 gilbert road, post code cb43pd, and the phone is 01223353071.
The Bridge Guest House is rated hotel-book stay stars, and has hotel-parking wifi and parking. Before I can make a reservation, I need to know how many nights you will be staying.
Then the Carolina Bed and Breakfast or Warkworth House might be more to your liking, they're both 4-star guesthouses. Would one of those suit you?
I was able to book you at the Gonville Hotel. Your reference number is LW5YDJUB. Can I help you with anything else?
Great news! Your booking was successful and I have a reference number for you. It is PL4JEQ9A.
I have 33 hotel-price range hotels. How many stars and what part of town would you prefer?
Okay great. Well enjoy your stay.
Yes, I have two guesthouses that fit that criteria. Would you like to stay in the hotel-area or centre?
I apologize, we have several options. The alexander bed and breakfast is a hotel-price range four star guesthouse, in the hotel-area area, with wifi. Would you care to reserve a room?
You are very welcome! Enjoy your day! Goodbye! 
the hotel-area belfry is a hotel-type located in the hotel-area and is cheap. Has hotel-book stay stars and hotel-parking internet and parking.
There are hotel-book stay on the hotel-area side and hotel-book stay on the hotel-area side with hotel-book stay star ratings, would you like me to book one for you?
I'm sorry to say we don't have any hotel-price range guesthouses. Would you like to try something cheaper? 
No problem.  Have a nice stay. Bye.
OK, you're all set for hotel-book stay nights at the Acorn, reference #9PD946FD. Can I help with anything else today?
There are three locations which fit your needs, sir. The Warkworth House is an excellent choice.
Ok hotel-parking problem, when would you like the room booked for?
Of course, how many people will there be?
Great, there are hotel-book stay options for you here. I personally recommend avalon. Would you like to book?
You're welcome. Please contact us if you need more information or would like to make a reservation. Have a wonderful day!
Thank you, enjoy your stay.
There is nothing in the hotel-price range range, there is a choice of one hotel-price range or one hotel-price range hotel-book stay star guesthouse in the hotel-area with parking. Would either of these be OK?
Okay. Enjoy your stay here.
Alexander bed and breakfast	is a guesthouse in the hotel-area of town in the hotel-price range price range.
I was able to book you for three nights starting on Monday. Your reference number is Q8EDDUCC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have the Arbury Lodge in the North that meets your needs. Would you like me to book a room there?
I have two guest houses matching your criteria.  City Centre North B and B and Worth House. What star rating do you prefer?
Yes I have several listings in different parts of the city. Do you have a price range or location preference?
Please feel hotel-parking to contact us again for further assistance. Good-bye.
I'm sorry, but there are hotel-parking rooms available at that time. Would like to try another hotel?
i'm sorry, i was unable to find a different hotel-type that matches your criteria and the availability that you wanted.
Sure their address is 365 milton road and their phone number is 01223425478. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Alpha-milton guest house has a hotel-price range price range in the north, as is Avalon guesthouse. a and b is in the east, also moderate.
I have the ashley hotel-type and lovell lodge. Which one would you like?
The Acorn Guest House is available and meets the same criteria.  I have booked it for you.  Your reservation number is LI4HVTBM.
The hotel-area bellfry has availability. Will that do?
We have 23 guesthouses offering hotel-parking WiFi. Do you have other preferences, as well?
Sure thing. Have a nice day!
I found seven results! What price range are you looking for? 
The postcode for Gonville Hotel is cb11ly. What else can I help you with today?
Glad I could help! Goodbye.
That one was successful! Your reference number is 057SX3X0.
You're very welcome. Goodbye!
Booking was successful. Reference number is : AKH4MCWD. Anything else I can help you with?
I have booked your room, the reference number is HJJD56XE.
Sure thing. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes, I have two results. Gonville hotel-type has hotel-book stay stars and University Arms has hotel-book stay stars, would one of those work for you?
I believe I would like Worth house.  
Would you prefer one with hotel-parking internet?
I was able to get a room for you at aylesbray lodge. Your reference number is bb07ctao. Anything else?
You are so welcome! Have a lovely day!
The address of hotel-type El Shaddai is 41 warkworth street cb11eg and the phone number is 01223327978. 
I'm sorry but all the hotel-price range hotels with hotel-parking wifi are either hotel-stars or hotel-book stay stars?  Would one of those options work for you?
I have 21 guesthouses is there an area you are looking for or a price range you would like to be in?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel?
Unfortunately, I am not finding a match for a business by that name. Would you like me to try and find another place?
I'm very sorry, but there are hotel-parking rooms available for five days starting on Thursday. Should I try to find a different hotel?
No, I'm afraid they're both two stars.  Would you like to try one of them anyway?
Which hotel-type would you like of the available choices?
Glad to be of assistance. Enjoy your visit.
Enjoy your stay. Goodbye!
You're welcome.  If you need anything else please let us know.
Yes, it does have hotel-parking internet. Would you like to book?
I have 11 hotels that would meet your criteria. Did you have a certain area that you would like to stay in?
We have several options.  Will you be needing parking or internet?
It was my pleasure. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I am sorry but I wasn't able to book that for you for Tuesday. Is there another day you would like to stay or perhaps a shorter stay?
I have booked you and another person for this Saturday for hotel-book stay nights.
You're welcome. have a great trip!
I recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like a room there?
Certainly. The Acorn Guest House is a moderately priced hotel-book stay star guesthouse on the hotel-area end of town. Would you like to reserve a room there?
Yes, it does.
I'm sorry but you will have to change some of your criteria if you would like me to find you something or accept a guest house.
Of course. The Hamilton Lodge's phone number is 01223365664. Is there anything else you'd like to know, or anything else I can help you with?
We have seven matches for your requirements. Do you have any additional preferences?
I can offer you the Huntingdon Marriott, which is expensive, or the Cambridge Belfry, which is cheap. 
Here is the address for your hotel-type 41 warkworth street postcode cb11eg.  Have a great day!
Yes the university arms hotel. Would you like me to book that for you?
There are 11 entries. Does type matter to you?
There is hotel-parking availability at the Gonville Hotel for those dates. Would you like me to find another hotel? 
I have 17 hotels in the hotel-price range range that offer internet access. Do you have a particular part of town you wish to stay in?
May I suggest the hotel-book stay star, hotel-price range range guesthouse called Finches Bed and Breakfast at 144 Thornton Road, CB30ND.  May I make a reservation?
Ok. I have you booked into Warkworth House starting on Saturday for hotel-book stay nights and hotel-book stay people. The reference number is IGQB0HC7. Is there anything else?
Sure! They're in the Centre area. They're hotel-price range and offer internet connectivity.
Yes I have many options in the hotel-price range price range. Do you need wifi or hotel-parking parking?
The Worth house is in the North.
Unfortunately, I can't find a 3-star hotel-price range guesthouse with hotel-parking parking. Would you like me to find something else?
Thank you! Goodbye!
Is there a particular area of the city where you'd like to stay?
The Acorn Guest House fits your criteria. It is located in the North. Would you like a reservation?
You are very welcome. Please enjoy your stay.
The phone number for the huntingdon marriott hotel-type is 01480446000. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Sure, there are hotel-book stay hotels that offer hotel-parking parking. Would you like to stay in a specific part of town, or want a certain prince range?
I have two 4-star hotels on the hotel-area side and one in city centre. Do you have a location preference?
Ashley Hotel and Lovell lodge are both available
The star rating is 4. Their phone number is 01223353888. The address is 154 chesterton road, postcode cb41da.
Yes it is.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Unfortunately, I was unable to find you rooms for that length of stay beginning on Saturday. Would you be able to change the day, or the number of nights?
There are hotel-book stay guesthouse's that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference on the price range?
I'm terribly sorry, I misspoke. There are two 4-star hotels in the hotel-price range range with wi-fi--the Huntington Marriott in the hotel-area and the University Arms in the hotel-area of town.
I have successfully booked that for you. Your reference number is 6NUU0T68. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. You're welcome! Have a great day!
The Cambridge Belfry fits your needs. It has hotel-parking parking and hotel-parking internet too!
On which day would you like to start this reservation?
How about the carolina bed and breakfast? They have hotel-parking wifi. I can book for you.
Unfortunately, the rooms are unavailable for that day and time. Can I try a shorter stay for you or possibly a different day?
I apologize, but there are hotel-parking rooms available for the days you have requested. Should I look for another hotel?
I have the Acorn Guesthouse, Arbury Lodge Guesthouse, and Archway House in that area all with hotel-parking wifi and parking. Can I book one of these for you?
I have a few rooms, could you tell me the area of town you would prefer?
Worth House in the North is hotel-book stay stars and cheap. Would you like to try it?
I was able to book if for that time. The reference code is QLM5YVJD
I was able to book a guest house called Acom guest house. It is moderately priced and has internet and parking. Reference number is 0RA8Y7GS. Would that work for you?
The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try another place?
Of course! You're booked with reference number 7BWSFBYX. May I assist with anything else?
I do have some guesthouses, but hotel-parking hotels.  Would you like reservations at one?
The address is 144 thornton road. I need to know when your stay is going to be and for how many please?
Yes, they do.
What would you like to know?
No. Allenbell, autumn house and leverton house are guesthouses in the hotel-area in the hotel-price range price range. All have hotel-book stay stars.
Both the Gonville and the University Arms have hotel-parking wifi and hotel-parking parking. Would you like to make a reservation at one of those?
Thank you, have a good stay. Goodbye.
Great! What would you like to know about it?
The Cambridge Belfry meets that criteria. Would like to me to help you book a reservation?
Sure thing. The number is 01480446000. Can I help you with anything else today?
Ok. The acorn guest house is in the hotel-area part of town in the hotel-price range price range. Would that work?
Certainly. It's located at 156 chesterton road. Anything else you'd like to know?
And the postcode is cb41da if you still need that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
Hamilton Lodge has the same amenities and is right next door. Would you like me to book that property for you?
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is located at 53 Roseford Road. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
How many people are in your party?
I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try another guesthouse in the same price range?
Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good Bye.
I've book the hotel-type for you for hotel-book stay people on Thursday. The reference number is QMOZPFHQ.
I hope you have a great rest of the day.
I have narrowed it down to hotel-book stay options. I have hotel-book stay cheaper ones that are guesthouses, and hotel-book stay hotel-price range hotels. Do you have a preference? 
Of course I can help you with that. What day will be arriving and for how many days will you be staying?
They have hotel-parking wifi and hotel-parking parking! They're a guesthouse, not a hotel, though - is that OK?
The Acorn Guest House is a moderately priced guesthouse in the hotel-area with hotel-parking wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
I have that all worked out for you, the reference code is MQ7AMF1M. The hotel-type is the Cabdrife Butterfly.Is there anything else you need?
Okay, that booking was successful. Your reference number is 7ILVZWKR. Anything else I can do for you?
Would you like me to book either of them?
From what day do you want to book?
What day would you like it booked for?
Perfect, I was able to book the hotel-type for you. The reference number is 2FD2JYN8.
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is in the eastern part of town. Would you like me to book you a room?
For how many days would you like this reservation?
There are 11 that match your criteria. We can narrow that down a bit.  Would you prefer the North or the East?
I'm sorry, there is none that match your request in the west. Should I try different star rating or another part of town?
I do not have any hotel-price range hotels in the hotel-area with hotel-parking wifi. Would you like me to look in a different price range?
All right, the Allenbell is a hotel-price range guesthouse on the hotel-area side that might suit your needs. 
I would recommend the Lensfield Hotel. It is a personal favorite. Would you like me to see what is available?
I found hotel-book stay hotels that are in the cheap, moderate, and hotel-price range range. What would you prefer?
Alexander bed and breakfast was able to be booked, reference number is A36615HD.
a and b guest house is a nice place.Would you like me to book it for you ?
One is in the hotel-price range price range and one is in the hotel-price range price range.
Hotel Allenbell is located at 517a coldham lane The telephone number is 01223210353. Would you like me to book the hotel?
Sure, I have hotel-book stay guesthouses that might work for you. They're all hotel-book stay stars with hotel-parking wifi and parking. Does that sound good?
I have the Autumn House.  It is at 710 Newmarket Road.  Would you like the phone number?
They all have hotel-parking internet. Would you like me to book one for you?
The Warkworth house is a guesthouse, not a hotel. Is that okay?
I have about 11 options to choose from. Which area of town do you prefer? I have options in the north, hotel-area and the east. 
There is one hotel-type and a number of guesthouses.  Do you have a preference?
Thank you and goodbye.
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
You are more than welcome!
Yes, I can help you with that.  How many nights will you be staying?
Let us know if you need further help. 
I'm sorry, I was unable to reserve rooms for that day and length of stay. Would you like to try anything else?
How about a and b guest house? 
Would you like me to book acorn guest house?
Booking was unsuccessful.
Please book another day or a shorter stay.
The Ashley and the Lovell Lodge are both 2-star hotels on the hotel-area side. Both are in the hotel-price range price range. Would you like more information on one of those?
how about finches bed and breakfast?
I found you a room at the Acorn Guest House on Chesterton Road.  The reference number is Z0BKPDDZ.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Will you be needing anything else today?
They have hotel-parking parking. Postcode is cb39lh. Anything else you need?
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : WJFFGVWD.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay. How many people will be staying? 
Okay. Thank you, Goodbye.
You're welcome! Goodbye!
I have a listing for worth house that fits what you are looking for,can I make a booking for you?
The postcode is cb58rs. Can I help you with anything else today?
Would you like it to be in a certain area?
There are 24 guest houses available. Is there a particular area of the city you'd prefer to stay in?
Okay.  You're booked.  Your reference number is 3A23GV4H.  Anything else?
Yes, actually. Cityroomz is a moderately priced hotel-stars star hotel.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is K73WLZ8H. Do you need anything else?
710 newmarket road
Actually the A & B Guesthouse just opened up for Saturday.  Your reference number is GM77DLR6.  Can I further assist you?
I don not have anything in the same price range in the West. Would you like to try another part of town or different price range?
Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is available in the hotel-area part of town and looks upscale.
There are two hotel-price range and three hotel-price range price ranges.Which range do you prefer ?
What are the dates you are staying? 
They both have hotel-parking parking. Would you like to book at Ashley hotel-type or Lovell lodge?
Certainly! The Avalon is a hotel-book stay star guesthouse in the northend. It offers hotel-parking wifi. Would you like the phone number or address?
Yes, there are quite a few hotel-book stay star hotels with hotel-parking parking. What area would you like to stay in?
We offer 16 such places. Do you have a price range in mind?
The Gonville Hotel actually offers both hotel-parking wifi and hotel-parking parking. Can I help you with booking a room there? 
I found the City Centre North B and B.  Would you like me to book you a room?
I have the Alexander B & B located on 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Would you like me to assist you in making a reservation? 
I have the arbury lodge guesthouse in the same area and price range,would you like me to book that one?
I'm sorry, there are hotel-parking rooms available for that length of stay.  Could you shorten your stay or book a different day possibly?
They are located at 82 arbury road. Do you need anything else?
I got you a room at the Gonville Hotel. Your reference number is: 0YB5M0HT. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
How about allenbell? It looks lovely.
Sorry, it was unavailable at that time. Perhaps you might want another day or a shorter stay?
There are some guestrooms that fit those requirements.  Can I book a room at Carolina Bed and Breakfast for you?
welcome next time
It is hotel-price range price, would you like more info or a booking?
Yes, it does have internet! Would you like me to book that for you?
It is hotel-price range and it has hotel-parking parking.
Is there anything else I can do for you today, then?
I certainly can. I have about 10 available. Do you prefer a certain area of town?
I have 19 places to stay with hotel-book stay stars and parking, which area would you prefer? 
Okay, there are three: Bridge Guest House in the south, Hamilton Lodge in the north, and Hobsons House in the west. Would one of these work for you?
Thank you for using our service today.
That number is 01223247942.
There are hotel-book stay four star locations to choose from: Finches Bed and Breakfast, the Huntingdon Marriot, and the Cambridge Belfry. The Huntingdon is listed as hotel-price range while the others are cheap.
There are 24 different guesthouses available. Is there a particular area of the city you would like to stay in?
Your booking is confirmed, hotel-book stay people for hotel-book stay nights starting Tuesday at the Allenbell. Booking reference is YLPAOS85. Do you need anything else? 
Yes, hotel-parking internet is included at The Cambridge Belfry.
What is the price range you are looking to book in ?
Great. You're all booked and your reference number is UMRJOUWZ. Anything else I can do for you?
Pleasure all mine. Have a nice stay!
We have 9 hotels to choose from. Is there a particular amount of stars you're looking for, or location?
Thank you for calling, enjoy! Goodbye.
Okay. I got you in at The Alexander and your reference number is UKJ7T0FW.
Of course, I have two available one is hotel-price range and one is hotel-price range what do you prefer?
hotel-book stay of the guesthouses offer parking. What is your price range preference? 
I can book you at the hotel-area belfry hotel. It has hotel-book stay stars on the hotel-area side and is cheap. Would that be good?
Is a guesthouse okay? There are hotel-book stay to choose from that have four stars. They all have internet, though, are you interested in booking one of these?
I sure can! First of all, is there a price range you would like to stay within?
Unfortunately I can't find any hotel-price range hotels with hotel-parking parking. 
Okay. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Great! I was able to get you into The Lovell Lodge for hotel-book stay nights and your reference number is RIECNLUT.
You're quite welcome, thank you and goodbye! 
That was a successful booking, your reference number is T6C83P46.
Might I suggest the Alexander Bed and Breakfast? They're cheaply priced, ranked hotel-book stay stars, and they do offer hotel-parking parking.
Absolutely! It's called the University Arms Hotel, great reviews! Would you like me to schedule that for you?
Your reservation for hotel-book stay people has been made for a hotel-book stay day stay at Warkworth House, arriving Saturday. Your reference number is 6DF5Q5QJ. Is there anything else I can do?
Sure, it is 96 Barton Road.
Thank you, good day to you.
I have 12 in the hotel-price range price range. Would you like me to try the aylesbray lodge guest house?
We have 23 locations like that. Any area preferences?
I have hotel-book stay different places available to you. hotel-book stay are hotels and the other hotel-book stay are guesthouses. Do you have a preference?
Regent Street. Do you need anything else, today?
Okay do give us a call back if you need anything else.
Acorn guest house is in the hotel-price range price range, are you looking to book in that pricerange then?
Booking was successful.Reference number is : MCCKYP80.
Ive located a guesthouse that meets your criteria expect that it is on the hotel-area side, city hotel-area hotel-area b and b would you like me to try and book that?
Let us know if we can help further. Good day. 
I am sorry, but there are hotel-parking hotel-book stay star hotels in that area, would you like me to look up another type of hotel-type for you?
I have reserved your room at the avalon, reference number 2ASA82VJ. Can I help you with anything else?
I found hotel-book stay hotels in the hotel-area that have hotel-parking wifi. What is your price range?
We have 11 guesthouses and hotel-book stay hotels in the hotel-area area. Do you need a certain price range?
That narrows it down to three. A and B guesthouse, Carolina bed and breakfast and Warkworth house.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I'm glad I could help. Have a great day!
Booking at university arms hotel-type was successful. Your reference number is UUZVCFBQ. Do you need anything else?
You're welcome. What else can I do for you? 
Then, that narrows down to hotel-book stay hotels in the hotel-area of town. Do you prefer hotel-price range or hotel-price range price range?
Aylesbray Lodge has hotel-book stay stars, and the Bridge Guest House has hotel-book people
name	type	area	pricerange	stars	internet	parking	phone	postcode	address	book
(optional)
alpha-milton guest house	guesthouse	north	moderate	3	no	no	01223311625	cb41xa	63 milton road	
avalon	guesthouse	north	moderate	4	yes	no	01223353071	cb43pd	62 gilbert road	 are the available options
Thank you for calling. Have a great day.
Of course. Let me know if there's anything else I can help you with.
I'm happy to be of service. Please don't hesitate to contact us again if you have more questions. Goodbye!
So glad I could help. Have a great day! Good-Bye!
Sure thing, just tell me what day you're arriving, how many days you're staying, and how many people are in your party, and I'd be happy to set that up.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : AZ8EPKAU.
There are hotel-book stay locations that match your criteria. The Alpha-Milton Guest House with a hotel-book stay star rating and the Avalon with a hotel-book stay star rating. Do either of these sound good?
The City Centre North B&B is a cheap, 0-star guesthouse in the north. Would you like me to try booking a room there?
No problem. We have 24 to choose from. Any specifics?
You are welcome.  Do you need anything further?
Yes, I have two. Would you prefer a pricerange of hotel-price range or moderate?
Great, you're all set. Your reference number is WK3E72PX
How about Archway House? It's at 52 Gilbert Road cb43pe, and the phone number is 01223575314. Would that work for you?
Okay great, so how many people will be staying and for how many nights?
I am showing five hotels that fit your criteria. They all offer internet and parking. Is there a specific area you want to be in?
I can book you at the Limehouse. when would you like the reservation?
I have hotel-book stay options for you. In what area would you like to stay?
I have hotel-book stay on the hotel-area side that are in the hotel-price range price range and hotel-book stay on the hotel-area side in the hotel-price range range. Would you like to book one.
Would you like me to book a room for you?
a and b guest house is moderately priceed.Would you like me to book you ?
I have hotel-book stay options for you. Do you need hotel-parking wifi and parking? I have hotel-book stay that offer these and hotel-book stay that does not. 
They are both hotels. Would you like for me to book one of these hotels for you?
How about the Bridge Guesthouse that is in the hotel-price range price range?
Are you looking for a hotel-type or a guesthouse?
Okay Enjoy your stay then.
Alexander bed and breakfast can be reached by phone at 01223525725. Do you want university arms phone also?
Great, enjoy your stay.  Bye.
Sure thing! Can you give me the name of the place?
Sure, anything else I can do for you.
You should enjoy the acorn guest house. It has a hotel-book stay star rating and parking. It's located in the north. Their number is 01223525725.
I have nothing in the hotel-area area meeting that search criteria, would you like me to check another area?
I am sorry Booking was unsuccessful for that time, can I help you find another place to stay?
Great. Glad I could be of help. Enjoy your stay.
I have the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel. Would you like me to book it for you?
How about the Ashley hotel. The address is 74 chesterton road.
I am sorry but I was unable to book that for you. Should I try another hotel?
There are 10 hotel-price range hotels what area would you like?
You can try alexander bed and breakfast
Do you have a particular one in mind or any preference for where you stay or what amenities are offered?
Booking was unsuccessful would you like to try another place?
Thank you. Enjoy your stay.
I apologize, but the are hotel-parking hotels available that meet the following criteria:  hotel-parking parking, hotel-price range price range, 4-stars. Would you like me to change the search criteria?
Booked! Reference number: 2BA346MA.

Have a great stay! Goodbye! 
I have 9 that matches your needs. Shall I recommend a nice one?
Thank you, let us know if you need anything else. Good bye.
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
I found hotel-book stay hotels with hotel-parking Internet and parking. What area are you looking?
Yes the Lensfield Hotel does have hotel-parking wifi.
Both Hotels have internet, does not state if it is free. The hotels are The Gonville Hotel and the Lensfield Hotel. 
There are hotel-book stay hotels which fit your needs. One is hotel-price range and hotel-book stay are expensive. Do you have a preference?
I'd be happy to. The Avalon is a guesthouse located on the hotel-area side. It's moderately priced, has 4-stars and offers hotel-parking wifi. Would you like to book a room?
Ashley hotel-type is in the hotel-area part of town and has a hotel-book stay star rating and parking.
I'm sorry there are hotel-parking hotels that  match that criteria. Would you like to try something with a different number of stars?
Have a nice day, goodbye!
It is listed as moderately priced.
There are four options available, do you have a preference for the price range?
Yes, both hotel-parking wifi and parking is available at this location.
Yes of course, it is located at 53-57 lensfield road. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
The huntingdon marriott hotel-type is an hotel-price range hotel-type in the hotel-area with a hotel-book stay star rating. Would you like to make a booking?
Do you care whether it is in the same area or not?
which has hotel-parking wifi?
Thank you for using our service & have a good day!
Alright, enjoy your stay and have a great night!
No, Finches is in the West. Are you looking for a place in the East?
The express by Holiday Inn Cambridge meets your needs, would you like to book it?
I have booked Alexander Bed and Breakfast. Your reference number is V3GA3K4Q. Is there anything else?
Yes,. their address is 517a coldham lane and the phone number is 01223210353. Is there anything else I can do for you?
It is 01223866800.  May I help with anything else?
Ok, there are hotel-book stay guesthouses located in the hotel-area of town. They are in the hotel-price range price range. Would you like to book one?
Yes, the Allenbell has Internet. The address is 517a Coldham Lane and the postcode is cb13js. What are your travel details?
So glad I was able to help. Have a great day. Good-Bye.
Ok.  Your booking was successful and the reference number is TD8TU8IO.
Sure. How about the avalon? They also have hotel-parking internet as well.
Booked! Your reference number is 2CAJEN22.
I was able to book El Shaddai for 2, for two nights starting Friday. Your reference number is X7WHA1XL. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, they both offer hotel-parking parking, and are hotel-price range four star hotels. Would you prefer the hotel-area area or the hotel-area area?
I'm sorry I was unable to book that hotel. May I try another one in the same price range for you?
What is your arrival date and how many days will you be staying, please? 
You're very welcome! Enjoy your stay!
Enjoy your stay and let me know if you need anything else. 
Yes, the Alexander B&B is a guest house, and offers both hotel-parking WiFi and hotel-parking parking.
There are four possibilities on the hotel-area side. Do you have preferred price range?
Ok.  How many nights would you like to book?
I'm sorry, the reservation was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day or a shorter stay?
Your booking was successful. Reference number is : YB23KVSX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am sorry, but we do not have any hotels like that in that area.
We have many guesthouses that are moderately priced. How about the acorn guest house, they are located in the north?
Sure. El Shaddai's address is 41 Warkworth Street. Would you like me to book a reservation there?
Excellent. Take care!
I have hotel-book stay hotels and hotel-book stay guesthouse that fit your requirements, do you have a price range preference? 
The hamilton lodge guesthouse does have hotel-parking parking, is that okay? There is the alpha-milton guest house in the north, it' hotel-book stay stars, moderately priced and doesn't offer parking.
Yes, it is on the hotel-area side of town in the hotel-price range price range. Do you need more information?
Let us know if you need anything else.Cheers.
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : PQWL74M2
Rosa's is located at 53 roseford road. Would you like to book this?
Sure, could you tell me when you what day you would like to book your stay at the El Shaddai at 41 Warkworth Street?
Sure.  There's the Allenbell located at 517A Coldham Lane CB13JS.  The number there is 01223210353.  Anything else?
Your reservation was successful and your reference number is UO8AN5FO. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
How many stars would you like?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : MZIURVDV.
Unfortunately, none of them have a hotel-book stay star rating. 
I'm sorry to inform you but there are only guesthouses only in hotel-price range and hotel-price range price range. 
Thank you and have a great day.
I have good news. I was able to book you into the Acorn guesthouse and your reference number is DT4ENVMJ.
Thank You for calling us today. Goodbye.
Thank you, have a great day, goodbye!
There are quite a lot of them in that area.  Do you have a price range in mind, or a particular star rating you'd like me to look for?
There are hotel-parking guest house's available in the north. How about a hotel-type instead?
There are actually hotel-book stay hotels with a hotel-stars rating. Would you like to book one of them now?
Yes, the Allenbell has internet service. Would you like me to book this location for you?
I was able to book that reservation for you. The reference number is RL3S28T3.
I have several choices. The acorn guest House has hotel-book stay stars, wifi and is moderately priced. How many nights and how many people will be staying?
The name of the guesthouse is El Shaddai.
i have found 29 hotels that meet your criteria. what part of town would you like to stay in?
Your booking is successful! Your reference number is VLS0WVD3.
I have 17 places that match your request. Is there an area or price range you are looking for?
The Leverton House is a guesthouse in the hotel-area of the city. Their phone number is 01223292094.
They do offer wifi but hotel-parking parking.
I am sorry but finches bed and breakfast is solidly booked. Do you want me to search for another guesthouse?
There are 17 hotels that match that criteria.  Would you like to narrow it down some? Do you need hotel-parking parking?  What area would you like?
I have the Cityroomz hotel-type which is in the hotel-price range range with internet and hotel-parking parking.  Would you like to book this hotel?
I have got quite a few that should suit your needs. Is there a preference on what area of town you stay? That might help narrow down the options. 
yes, it is a guesthouse and their phone number is 122 336 3682.
What day are you beginning your stay? How many days and how many people do you want to make a booking for?
Does price matter, because I can find you a hotel-price range one or an hotel-price range one?
I'm sorry, there aren't any hotel-price range guesthouses with hotel-book stay stars, but there are 18 moderately priced 4-star guesthouses. Would that be okay?
The warkworth house is moderately priced and meets your criteria.  Would you like me to try and make a reservation?
I have booked you a room at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast at 56 Saint Barnabas Road.  Your reference number is JGTE0KGB.   Is there anything else today?
Of course! You're all set, with reference number WZRKRXGZ. May I help with anything else?
In the area of hotel-area there is only one guest house in the hotel-price range price range. Do you want me to search a different area?
I have hotel-book stay hotels that fit that criteria. Are you looking for a particular price range?
I've found 21 hotels that meet those criteria. The Allenbell is one. Should I book it?
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 4DNPBLIS.
Wonderful, have a great day.
I have found the Hamilton Lodge. It is a guesthouse in the north. Would you like more information about it?
Yes it is an expensive, I have listings for another place that is hotel-price range if that is what you need.
There are a few options meeting your requirements. What area should the guest house be in?
Thank you, have a good day!
Yes, there are 15 places that are moderately priced guesthouses. Is there a certain area of town that you prefer? 
I am sorry but  Warkworth House is fully booked. May I look for another hotel-type for you in the hotel-area area?
Welcome, hope you enjoy your day.
There are hotel-parking hotels that meet that criteria. Would you like me to expand the search a bit?
There are 9 possibilities in either the hotel-price range or hotel-price range price range. Which do you prefer?
You are booked into express by holiday inn Cambridge which is in the hotel-price range price range you wanted. The reference number is IC7AAXP6. Is there anything else?
I'm sorry. The booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to change the number of nights or the starting day?
Sure, the Allenbell Guesthouse is located in the east. Can I help with anything else? 
University Arms hotel-type has hotel-book stay starts and hotel-parking parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
I have hotel-book stay hotels listed that have of your requirements. Do you have any parking needs?
Okay, I've made your reservation. The reference number is 525A3U0N. What else can I help you with today?
Okay. Glad I could help.
How about the Acorn Guest House in the hotel-area side of town?
Do you need anything else?
a and b guest house is a guesthouse that includes wifi. It's in the East side of town with a hotel-price range price range. Should I book it for you?
We have quite a selection of lodgings in the north. Do you have a price range preference, or additional needs, to narrow down our search?
Great your booking was successful Your reference number is 9GBHVFZW. Anything else today?
Okay, that narrows it to two: Alexander Bed and Breakfast (4 stars) or El Shaddai (0 stars). They're both cheap. Would you like to book one of these?
I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel at 74 chesterton road.  Your Reference number is : PM69RLXB Do you need anything else?
The booking was successful, reference number is POHIT2CO.
Yes, it does. Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes, the phone number is 01223351241 and the postcode is cb21ad. May I help you with anything else?
Yes it does have hotel-parking internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
I have reserved hotel-book stay nights for hotel-book stay people starting on Sunday at the Acorn Guest house which is in the hotel-area of the city, is moderately priced and has internet. Reference K0RIYU4Z.
I'm sorry, but there's nothing available starting on Monday.
Alexander bed and breakfast does have a hotel-book stay star rating, would you like help to book a room? 
Okay.  Glad we could help!
The alexander bed and breakfast is a good option.
I have two hotels available that meet that criteria.  Would you like more information? 
I have made successful booking there. Your Reference number is : 1PLDTXKH.
We have 10 listings but only hotel-book stay of them are hotels, rest are guesthouses. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
Do you have a preference on area?
Thank you, goodbye!
The University Arms Hotel is an hotel-price range hotel-type that has a hotel-book stay star rating. Would that work for you?
The Avalon is a guesthouse in the north. It offers hotel-parking wifi but not parking. Does this meet your liking and would you like to book a room?
I've booked you at the Lensfield with reference number is PKEIHXCW. Can I help you with anything else?
Ok.  The booking was successful.  Your reference number is M15ZT8QM.
Great! Your reservation at Acorn Guest House is completed. Your reference number is FO3NH9Q6
I am sorry Booking was unsuccessful,can I help you find another place to stay?

Thank you & have a good day
Thank you for contacting us and enjoy your stay.
When would you like to go and what size party will you have?
I'm sorry but I was unable to book for those nights.  Would you like to try a different hotel?
For how many people would you like me to book that hotel?
Yes, the Allenbell has hotel-book stay star rating.
Yes sure I was able to book you into the A and B and your reference number is MOE0AUAT.
I have the Hamilton Lodge on chesterton road, would that be ok?
I was unable to book the hotel-type for that day. Would you like to try the hotel-price range hotel?
I'm sorry, I was unable to book the hotel-type for you. Would you like to look for a different place?
There are two hotels in that area with hotel-parking parking:  Ashley Hotel and the Lovell lodge.  Would you like to book either of those?
There are 18 hotels in the hotel-price range price range. Are you looking for hotel-parking parking or hotel-parking wifi?
What dates would you like to book the room for?
We have 21 of those, would you like to narrow your choices down by location or price range?
Sure.  When will you check in and how long would you like to stay for?  Will it be just for yourself?
home from home is moderately priced, has hotel-book stay stars, and has hotel-parking internet and parking. Would you like to book?
I have you booked for A and B Guest House. The reference number is O1UZCJC9. Is there anything else you need?
Absolutely, the address is 82 Arbury Road, CB42JE.  May I help with anything else?
That booking was successful, your reference number is D3Q7SAFM. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
The hamilton lodge is located 156 chesterton road. Would you like me to help you with anything else?
Booking was unsuccessful.  Do you want to try a different day?
Yes, it offers hotel-parking parking. The phone number is 01223866800.
It is moderately priced. I don't have an exact price. 
How about hamilton lodge? It looks lovely.
What day do you need to check in?
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
Okay. I'm glad I could be of help. Enjoy your stay.
Do you need me to book you a reservation?
I'll be happy to. How many people in your party? And how many nights will you be staying?
No problem. I'm glad I could help.
How about the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in the centre?  It is a hotel-price range guesthouse with hotel-parking WIFI.
Do you need it to have hotel-parking parking?
I have the Lensfield hotel.  Would you like to book it?
Please tell me the day you will be checking in, how many people and how many nights?
Great! Have a wonderful day! Goodbye! 
I have that accommodation made for you, thank you! 
The hamilton lodge is nice and in the hotel-area area. Would you like a booking today?
I have found the allenbell guesthouse. It meets all of your criteria, is in the hotel-price range price range, and provides internet and parking. Would you like me to book it?
You're very welcome, enjoy your stay. Thank you and goodbye! 
Okay, would you like some more information about that hotel?
Okay great. Glad I could be of help. Enjoy your stay.
I was able to get you a room for hotel-book stay people for hotel-book stay night, starting Monday, at the Acorn Guest House. The reference number is GXTSRBY0.
One more question.  How many people are in your party?
the post code is cb41er. what day would you like the reservation for?
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is located in the hotel-area and in the hotel-price range price range. Would you like to book?
The Cambridge Belfry is a hotel-price range hotel. The address is Back Lane, Cambourne and the phone number is cb236bw.
Yes, A & B guesthouse does have hotel-book stay stars. Are you ready to book a room? 
I am sorry.  The system will not give me a confirmation number.  Would you like me to try another hotel?
Thank you for using our service today. 
What night would you like me to book for you, and for how many people?
Is there a certain area you would like it to be in?
I can check. Would you like everything else to be the same?
Yes,a lot of them have hotel-parking parking. What price range are you looking for?
Does the hotel-type needs to have hotel-parking parking?
I was able to book a reservation. Your reference number is 1JALPC7V. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Ok, I have made a booking for hotel-book stay people for hotel-book stay nights starting Monday at A and B guest house. 
At the hotel-price range price range, how about the Bridge Guest House?
Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Alright, How many people are staying, how many days do you want to stay, and what day to you want your stay to start?
warkworth house is an excellent choice. Shall I book it for you?
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am sorry the booking was unsuccessful for that time,there are hotel-book stay others can I check with either of them?
I am sorry there are hotel-parking rooms available at that time,can I help you find another hotel?
I have one hotel-type and three guesthouses on the southside. Would you like a certain price range or star rating?
There are hotel-book stay hotel-book stay star guesthouses on the hotel-area side. Do you have a preference on price range?
Thank you. Don't hesitate to call again and enjoy your stay.
I've found 11 possibilities for you. Would you prefer a guest house or a traditional hotel?
I sure can. CityRoomz is located in the hotel-area of town. They offer hotel-parking wifi. They are at Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road. Their phone number is 01223304050. 
Yes it is in the North and is a hotel-price range hotel-book stay star guesthouse.  Would you like to make a reservation?
I found the acorn guest house. Can I book this for you?
The Cambridge Belfry hotel-type has a hotel-price range price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The gonville hotel-type includes hotel-parking parking and is in the center. Would you like to make a booking?
Hold on, I forgot about the Gonville Hotel I mentioned earlier. I got you a room. Your reference number is : B01G0B4W. Can I do anything else?
I have an Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. Would you like me to try to book you there?
The huntingdon marriott hotel-type fits your criteria. Shall I book a room for you?
You are more than welcome!

I'm sorry, but there aren't enough rooms available at the Warkworth House. Should I try another hotel?
There aren't many hotel-price range places in the center, but I can recommend the Alexander B&B. They have hotel-book stay stars, despite being a hotel-price range place.
Gonville hotel-type and the lensfield hotel-type are both hotel-price range in the hotel-book stay star range.
Yes they do have hotel-parking internet, and the phone number is 01223276653.
There are 21 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by area or price range?
There are 29 hotels that meet your criteria. Do you have a preferred location in the city so we can narrow down your choices?
What area of town would you like?
The Gonville Hotel meets this criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I apologize the booking was unsuccessful.   Would you like me to look at another location?
How about avalon? They're a guesthouse in the north.
I've booked Archway House for you.  It's located at 52 gilbert road. Your reference number is F11WA5CB.
I'm sorry, but the Avalon isn't available for those dates. Would you like to book starting on another day or for fewer nights?
I'm sorry I was unable to book that. Should I try another hotel?
the gonville hotel-type is an hotel-price range 3-star hotel-type in the hotel-area part of town. they have hotel-parking wifi and hotel-parking parking. should i book it?
I would like to recommend the Lensfield Hotel. It is located in the hotel-area in the hotel-price range range with hotel-parking parking.
How about the el shaddai? I will need to know how long your stay is going to be and how many is in your party please
My pleasure. Thank you for contacting TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I have hotel-book stay optionsd available,all have WiFi
Are you looking for a hotel? There are 19 hotel-book stay star hotels that offer hotel-parking parking. Do you have a price range or area of town you want to stay?
Huntingdon marriott hotel-type has a high rating and wifi
They are a hotel-type with hotel-parking parking and hotel-parking wifi! Would you like me to book that for you?
The Allenbell seems nice. It has four starts. Does that work?
I have three guesthouses that match your criteria. May I recommend the Allenbell?
I'm sorry, but I was unable to find any cheap, three star hotels with wifi. Would you be open to a different star rating?
I have that reservation made at the Acorn guest house for hotel-book stay nights. hotel-book stay people and you guys will arrive on Saturday
I was able to book at the alexander bed and breakfast. Your reference number is JLDXHEK8. Is there anything else?
glad i could help, enjoy!
when would you like to move into the room
Okay goodbye, have a nice day.
I have hotel-book stay guesthouses meeting that criteria. Do you have any other preferences, say a price range?
Sure, what is the name of the hotel?
Feel hotel-parking to call us when you are ready to book. Good bye.
We have to narrow it down. There are 19 hotels. What price range are you looking for?
I'd be happy to help with your request, to help narrow down the results, what area are you looking to stay in?
They are located at 138 perne road.
The Ashley Hotel is in the north. Would you like me to book accommodation for you?
I have hotel-book stay hotel-price range guesthouses available.  Do you have any other requirements for location or amenities?
When will you be staying and for how long and how many people will be in your party.
Yes it does. I hope you enjoy your stay.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 8IFKQGD8. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Great. Glad I could help. Enjoy your stay.
Which hotel-type would you prefer me to book?
The Alpha-milton guest house is hotel-book stay stars.  It doesn't have internet or parking.  Is that okay? I could try another area, too. 
Both alexander bed and breakfast and university arms hotel-type offer those amenities. Would you like more information on either of these options?
I'm afraid not. Perhaps a different star rating?
Their address is 365 milton road. Would you like their phone number as well?
Unfortunately I am not finding any hotels matching your criteria, would you like me to look for three star hotels?
Do you have a specific location you want to be?
I have hotel-book stay places available in the east.  What is your price range?
I'm sorry. The booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try for another day or a shorter stay?
I am sorry but I am not finding any hotels that fit your needs. 
Thank you , good day to you.
Sure!  Your reference number is VEPGFLTA.  Anything else?
The Cambridge Belfry is located in the hotel-area in the hotel-price range price range with hotel-parking parking. Would you like me to book it?
No, I'm sorry.  There are several guesthouses with hotel-book stay stars.  Kirkwood House is in the hotel-area and has fee parking and WiFi.  Can I reserve a room?
No, I'm sorry the hotel-area belfry is a hotel. What area would you like to stay in?
I'm sorry. Alexander bed and breakfast is fully booked. Do you want to book starting another day or for a shorter stay?
Booking was successful.Reference number is : HDTPOS34.
Is there anything else I can help you with?

Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 3H0WHD4Z.
Alpha-milton guest house doesn't offer internet. It is rated three stars, in the hotel-area part of town. Should I book this?
I apologize but the booking was unsuccessful, the hotel-type is booked. Do you want me to check one of the other hotels?
You are booked! Reference number is : AS63WLAE.
I have several options do you have a preference for what side of town you stay in?
I'm sorry, I can't seem to find a place that fits that criteria. Can I find you something else?
I have booked you for Wednesday night at the Archway House. Your reference number is 1MWP83E1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Alexander bed and breakfast and el shaddai are both available. 
I have it here. It's moderately priced and is in the north. They offer hotel-parking wifi and parking. Can you tell me how many to book for and how long?
The Gonville hotel-type in the hotel-area area meets all your requirements. Would you like to book there?
Your booking at carolina bed and breakfast was successful. Your reference number is PGLREGJ8.
We have five hotel-price range hotels around town, ranging from hotel-book stay star to hotel-book stay star.
There are 11 hotels available actually. Would you like to narrow it to a specific price range or star rating? 
There are 23 guesthouses with hotel-parking wifi. What price range or area do you prefer?
How about a three star hotel? I have two that would match your description.
I'm sorry but I was unable to book that. Shall we try another hotel?
How many nights will you be staying?
You are booked and your reference number is NY842ATU. Can I help you with anything else today?
The booking was unsuccessful. Want to try another time?
welcome again some other time
I do not have another hotel-book stay star hotel-type in the hotel-area that meets your requirements. Would you like to try another area?
I have two options for you. Both offer hotel-parking wifi and parking. The El Shaddai has hotel-parking star rating or the Alexander B & B has a 4-star rating. 
I have four places with rooms in the south.  hotel-book stay is cheap, hotel-book stay are moderate, and hotel-book stay is expensive.  Do you have a particular price range?
The reservation for hotel-book stay nights was successful. Your reference number is UKSVUD20. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
The Carolina Bed and Breakfast and the Warkworth House. They both have hotel-parking wifi and parking and they both fall in the hotel-price range price range. Do either of these sound good?
Warkworth House is a hotel-book stay star moderately priced guesthouse on the eastside. It offers hotel-parking wifi and parking. Would you like the address or phone number?
Enjoy your stay at the worth house. Have a great day.
Thank you for calling. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
The El Shaddai is a guesthouse with hotel-stars stars in the hotel-area of town. Would you like me to book it for you?
Goodbye! Have a great day!
I recommend either the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the hotel-area or the University Arms Hotel in the centre. Would one of them work for you?
OK, I have you booked at Holiday Inn Cambridge. Your reference number is 0CB7CVT7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have successfully booked you a room for hotel-book stay person and hotel-book stay nights starting on Wednesday at the archway house. They are located at 52 gilbert road.
All right, I've reserved your room. The reference number is TH1IW110. Is there anything else I can do for you? 
City hotel-area hotel-area b and b.Reference number is : B2H3YYF4. Will you need anything else?
I have discovered 9 choices fitting your description. May I recommend the Archway House? It's on Gilbert Road.
You are very welcome. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.
I was able to find three results for what you are looking for, may I recommended finches bed and breakfast?
I was able to get the Bridge Guest House for hotel-book stay people for Tuesday night.  Can I help you with anything else?
i don't have any hotels in the hotel-area part of town.
You're welcome. May I help with something else, like a restaurant or attraction?
Yes, I have three hotels that match that description. Two in the hotel-area and one in the centre.
No hotel-book stay have hotel-book stay star ratings and one has a hotel-stars rating.
I have hotel-book stay moderately priced guesthouses and hotel-book stay moderately priced hotels in the north, all with hotel-parking parking.
All right. Is there anything else I can do for you?
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
There is the Lensfield hotel-type which is hotel-book stay stars. Would you like me to make a reservation there?
Would you like to try the Alexander Bed and Breakfast first?
There are 11 entries in the north. What price range are you looking for? 
I have found hotel-parking places in the hotel-area in the hotel-price range price range with hotel-book stay stars. Do you have a different area or price range you would like?
You're very welcome. Have a great day!
Thank you so much . Enjoy your stay.
What information are you seeking?
How about the acorn guest house? It has hotel-parking internet and parking, four stars and is in the hotel-price range price range? Shall I book that for you?
Yes, it does! Would you like to book a room?
There is only hotel-book stay hotel-type in the area of hotel-area that is expensive. Would you like me search a different area?
Ok I have made you a booking at the Alpha-milton guest house for hotel-book stay nights starting Wednesday for hotel-book stay people.
I have one hotel-type that is hotel-price range and in the south. May I book it for you?
You are welcome! Please don't hesitate to reach out if you need anything further, and until then goodbye!
Thank you for contacting us. Please let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
Sure, there are a few.  Can I book you a room at one of them?  How about The Acorn Guest House?
There is an Aylesbray Lodge Guest House located at hotel-book stay Mowbray Road. Would you like me to provide you with any more information or help you book the hotel?
I'm sorry, that isn't available.  Is there something else I can find for you?
The aylesbray lodge guest house is a hotel-book stay star hotel-type located at hotel-book stay mowbray road.
I have hotel-book stay different gueshouses listed. For what day and for how many please?
There are 15 moderately priced guesthouses. Do you have any specific needs, such as area, or internet access, or parking? What star rating would you prefer?
The Autumn House is a great guesthouse on the hotel-area area of town, also includes hotel-parking wifi and internet, and seems to be just what you are looking for.
Okay great. Please call us again.
There is hotel-parking availability at Arbury on Wednesday, unfortunately. Would you like to try a different hotel? 
Great Glad I could be of help to you.
The booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try another hotel.
Okay. Have a good day.
You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay.  Bye.
I found 24 guesthouses do you have a location you prefer or any other requirements?
You're welcome. 
Okay. Glad I could be of help.
I've located Allenbell Guesthouse. It's in the hotel-area at address 517a coldham lane postcode cb13js. The contact number is 01223210353. Would you like to book a room? 
I am sorry they have hotel-parking rooms available. Perhaps another hotel, I am sorry about this.
The Acorn Guest House is a 4-star guesthouse in the North. It has hotel-parking parking and wifi, and is in the hotel-price range price range. Would you like a room?
Actually there are 29 options to choose from, sir. What price range are you looking for?
The postcode is cb41da.
Thank for using our service. Goodbye!
Let us know if you have any more questions!
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 1VQQLH6R
Sorry, the hotel-type can't accommodate you for that time frame. want to change dates?
There are several 4-star guesthouses with wi-fi in the hotel-price range price range. Would you prefer to stay in the hotel-area or the northern part of town?
The gonville hotel-type is hotel-price range and in the center of town. The lensfield hotel-type is also expensive, but it is in the south.
I would recommend the Worth house on Chesterton Road.  Would you like the number?
I'm sorry, it doesn't look like they have a room available. Would you like me to try a different one?
I've successfully booked your room for Friday, hotel-book stay person, staying hotel-book stay days. Your reference number is: F2X024Q6
Okay. Glad I could be of assistance.
Thank you and have a nice time.
You are welcome. Also for your reference the Worth House does have hotel-parking parking. May I help you with anything else?
I have you booked at acorn guest house. Reference number is: IDAIIS1T.
Yes, it is. I'll be happy to make a reservation for you.
I am sorry the booking was unsuccessful,can I help you find another place in the same area?
No I am sorry, they are both in the hotel-price range price range.  Would you like to book one of them?
Sure, the address is 154 Chesterton Road and the postcode is cb41da.
The Worth House is a guesthouse.
Is there anything else I can help you with? 
The Ashley Hotel is in the hotel-area end and has a hotel-book stay star rating.  Would you be interested in staying there?
Booking was successful. You're reference number is TLLGQVMH.
That worked.  Your reference number for the reservation is VDL0A0ID.  Can I help you with anything else?
I was able to book you in the Autumn House with reference number 8BCYNW35. May I help with anything else?
I need to know when you'd like to begin your stay, how many are in your party, and how many nights you'd like reserved.
How about the Avalon?
Do you have a further preference among them?
Sounds wonderful. I hope you have a great day.
Sorry, my search didn't bring back any results.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Sure thing, looks like we have several options here. Do you want to stay in a certain part of town, or do you have a price range you're looking for?
I got you a room at the University Arms Hotel. Your reference number is: 8OFBIII9. Anything else you need today?
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.
The hotel-area belfry is in the same area and the same price range. It's rated hotel-book stay stars.  Should I try to book it?
No problem.  Will that be all for today?
Sure hotel-parking problem. So the hotel-type is huntingdon marriott hotel-type and your reference number for the booking is 34BAQ2WK. Is there anything else I can help?
The booking was successful. Your reference number is SE28HKNK. Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
Okay I was able to get you into the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in the city center and the reference number is QW52L6EX.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is  1WRSIG9U. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is cb41da.
No, I think Ashley hotel-type might be more in your range. 
How about Finches bed and breakfast?
That would be in the hotel-area of town. I have two options for you. Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel. Would you like more info on one of those? 
I was able to find the hotel-type but the booking was unsuccessful, do you have any other hotel-type you'd like to try?
Yes, rosa's bed and breakfast is in the hotel-price range price range. Would you like to book a room?
Thank you. Please call again if you need anything else.
Both of the guesthouses have hotel-parking wifi and hotel-parking parking. I would recommend the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House due to it being hotel-book stay stars.
Was there anything else I could help you with today?
The address is 138 perne road and the postcode is cb13nx. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
bridge guest house	has good reviews if you'd like that
I was able to successfully book you at Ashley Hotel.  The address is  74 chesterton road.  The reference number is GINRZ444.
I was unable to book that for you. Perhaps we can try another day or a shorter stay?
I am sorry, but the Leverton House was not available for your party on Tuesday. Would you like me to look for another hotel?
Yes, the alexander bread and breakfast is a hotel-book stay star guesthouse in the centre. Would you like me to book you a room?
I couldn't get you a room at the Lensfield. Maybe a shorter stay or different hotel?
You're welcome. Can I make a reservation for you?
OK great.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
I have you down for one night.  Your reference number is NF64LM1Z.  Anything else?
I have hotel-price range hotels in the east, centre, and hotel-area areas of town. Do you have a preference?
Your reference number is LPMF11YC.
Okay. Glad I could be of help and enjoy your stay.
Sure thing. The Hobsons House can be reached at 01223304906. Their postcode is cb39lh. Did you need assistance booking a reservation there? 
There are 11 possible choices. Do you have any additional preferences?
OK, you're booked at the Ashley Hotel. Your reference number is: 5UH12MNC. Is there anything else you need today?
Allenbell looks like it would be a good choice.
Sorry hotel-parking rooms available. How about another hotel?
Glad I could help. Enjoy your stay.
Have a great stay.
I've found several hotels in the hotel-price range price range. Is there a specific area of town you're looking to stay in?
I'm sorry I was unable to book that for you. Would you like to try another hotel?
What price range would you prefer, moderate, cheap, or expensive?
I found it. Would you like me to book it for you?
There isn't a guesthouse with hotel-book stay stars and hotel-parking internet available. Is there another type of hotel-type I can look up for you?
I booked you and your Reference number is : LKDT8R8B. Is there anything else?
The city hotel-area hotel-area b and b is a guesthouse in the hotel-area area in the hotel-price range range, with parking and wifi. Would you care to book a room?
Okay, you are booked at the bridge guest house for hotel-book stay night (Saturday). Your reference number is NVYYU4ML. Can I help with anything else?
I have hotel-book stay guesthouses all in the hotel-price range price range. Would you like me to choose one for you?
How about the Archway House?  it is moderately priced in the north.
I can definitely assist you, how many people are there and how many days will you need to be booked for.  
There is a hotel-price range hotel-type with hotel-book stay stars on the hotel-area side of town. If you could restate your exact preferences I can try searching again. 
I found Hobsons House guesthouse in the west.  It is a hotel-book stay star hotel-price range and has hotel-parking internet.  Can I book it for you?
I have 16 guesthouses that are hotel-book stay star and have parking, do you have any other requirements to help narrow the search?
I would recommend acorn guest house in the hotel-area area or a and b guest house in the hotel-area area. Which would you prefer?
That narrows your choice to 14. Is there a type of hotel-type or location you prefer?
Sure, your reference number is B1IP09IZ.
I am sorry about that,I have hotel-book stay in the hotel-area alpha-milton guest house,and hamilton lodge. Would you like a booking at either of them?
The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try a different hotel?
Absolutely. The Worth House is located in the north. It offers hotel-parking wifi and parking. They are located at 152 Chesterton Road. Can I assist you in booking a room?
There are quite a few that would meet those requirements.  Would you prefer a hotel-price range or hotel-price range rate for your stay?
Okay Glad I could be of help.
You're welcome. Would you like me to make a reservation in your name?
Do you have a preference for price range?
I was able to book Gonville Hotel, reference number is SHEWP52T
I have hotel-book stay guesthouses that fit that criteria. Would you like a hotel-price range or hotel-price range priced room?
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a good day.
How about finches bed and breakfast?
I'm sorry but that booking did not go through. Shall I try another hotel-type for you?
The gonville hotel-type is in the hotel-area of town and has a hotel-book stay star rating.
What day are they arriving, and how many nights are they staying?
I have the gonville hotel. It is in the hotel-area area of town. Would you like to make a booking today?
There are hotel-parking hotel-book stay star hotels in that part of town.  Is there another area you might be interested in?
Yes, they do offer hotel-parking wifi and parking. Would you like reservations?
I am sorry that is unavailable. Can I help you find another guesthouse?
Sure, pleasure all mine. Enjoy your stay!
I have two options. City Centre North B&B is in the north, and El Shaddai is in the Centre. Do you have a preferencE?
I booked for you a room in hamilton lodge which is in the same pricerange. Your reservation number is CFT39HL4. Do you need anything more?
Yes the bridge guest house has hotel-parking wifi. Can I book it for you?
How about allenbell, they offer hotel-parking parking and wifi?
Great! Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.
I was able to book a room at the Gonville for you, ref#AE00VOHE. Can I help you with anything else today?
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay!
Okay. I booked you into the Gonville Hotel in the city center and your reference number is TSJA02XZ.
Unfortunately, I am not finding anything that meets all of your requirements. Would you mind if I searched another area of town? 
Sure, there are many options with hotel-parking internet and parking. What area of town do you prefer to stay in? 
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'll be glad to help. What area of town are you looking for?
I'd recommend rosa's bed and breakfast. Want me to book it for you?
There are several options in the north, would you like me to recommend one?
I have found The Lensfield Hotel located on 53-57 Lensfield Road. Would you like to book now?
Okay. Let us know.
It's my pleasure. Have a nice trip!
No problem.  Happy to help.
The gonville hotel-type is hotel-price range with hotel-parking wifi. Shall I book it for you?
I'm sorry there are hotel-parking matches fitting your specifications. Would you like a different price range or a different area possibly?
I'm sorry, that one is unavailable. Would you like to try another?
How about the Kirkwood House? It is a hotel-book stay star guesthouse on the hotel-area side of town with hotel-parking wifi and hotel-parking parking.
Have a nice day, goodbye.
There are 11 guesthouses and hotel-book stay hotels in the north. Do you have a preference as to type or other requirements?
I have three hotels that meet your needs.  Would you like more information on them?
What day should I start your booking, and how many days do you plan on staying? Also, how many people would be staying?
You're welcome, glad I could help.
How many days will you be staying, and what day will you be arriving?
You're welcome.  Thank you for calling.  Have a nice day.
No none of them are hotel-book stay stars or hotel-book stay stars,I have a few that are hotel-book stay stars would they be okay?
I have booked you at the A and B Guest House at 124 tenison road.  The reference number is 0J08KUGQ. Can I help you with anything else?
Booking was unsuccessful at autumn house. Do you want to find another hotel?
There are two, one in the hotel-area and one the hotel-area of town.
We have 11 moderately priced options on the hotel-area end. Are hotel-parking internet or parking requirements for you?
Your booking was successful. The reference number is 1UT4DOFP.
Yes, it's cb17sr.
Absolutely! What day do you want to book it for, and for how many days?
Booked! Reference number is: 84ESP6F5
Your booking was successful. The reference number is 6G15LHZM. Is there anything else?
I could not get a room for you there. I was able to get one at gonville hotel. Your reference number is A4IJ54Q. Is there anything else?
Reference number is : 3Y3AE0U7.
You're welcome have a wonderful day and thank you as well.
What day, party size, and length of stay would you like to go?
Can I help with anything more?
I cannot find anything in cambridge.
There are several places available, however, I do not know if they have hotel-parking parking, but they do have parking. Are you looking for a hotel-type or a guesthouse type place to stay. 
I'm sorry but hotel-parking other hotels have these exact criteria. Could we vary the price or star rating?
There are hotel-parking rooms available for that time.  Can I find a different hotel-type for you?
You're welcome. How many people are in your party, and when will you arrive? Also, how long would you like to stay?
I have found 9. Would you like autumn house in the east? I can book for you.
Enjoy your stay! Goodbye! 
That narrows it down a bit. Do you need hotel-parking parking, or is there a particular star rating you'd like?
You are welcome. Do you need any more information or do you have any transportation needs?
There are quite a few guesthouses in that area.  Would a guesthouse meet your needs?
Yes, there are 21 guesthouses with hotel-parking parking. Is there an area of town or price range that you prefer? 
I apologize neither is five stars. Would you like to try something else?
We have hotel-parking hotels with that criteria, but I can search for a 3-5 star hotel-type if you'd like.
the hotel-area belfry is a hotel-type in the hotel-area in the hotel-price range price range. it has hotel-book stay stars and hotel-parking internet and parking. will that work for you?
I apologize but we don't have anything that fits your criteria. Would you like to change the area or try a hotel?
I'm sorry, booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different hotel?
Sure, there are hotel-book stay moderately priced hotels. Would you prefer to stay in the hotel-area or centre? 
Home from Home is a nice guesthouse with fee parking included.  Can I reserve a room for you?
Of course, the address is 710 newmarket road. What else can I do for you?
Of course! When would you like to stay?
How does the acorn guest house sound?  It is in the hotel-area part of town, in the hotel-price range price range, and has both hotel-parking wifi and parking.
Great. Have a great day!
I found 18 hotels do you have any other requirements?
Can I get a hotel-type type you are looking  for?
Yes, it does. Do you have any other criteria, or would you like me to book you a room?
Express by holiday inn hotel-area is available and fits your requirements
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
You are welcome, do you need any thing else?
Sorry, I did not found a hotel-book stay star hotel-type in the north. Can I look in the south? There are several nice hotel-book stay stars hotel-type in the south.
Okay that was successful and your booking number is JP9DVKTJ.
I see 21 hotels so let's try to narrow it down. Is there a price range you want to be in?
Yes, let me help you with that. In what area of town would you like to stay?
Certainly! The Bridge Guest House is a moderately priced accomodation in the south. Is there other information you would like to know? 
The address for alexander bed and breakfast is 56 saint barnabas road.  Do you have any additional questions?
I am sorry. I was unable to book that for you. Would you like me to try another hotel?
OK, I got you a booking at the Worth House. It's a hotel-book stay star guesthouse also in the Northend. Your reference number is: DVTY60KZ. Can I do anything else for you?
If you need further help, let us know. Bye, thank you. 
We're glad to be of service, and please do not hesitate to contact us if you need more help while you're in Cambridge!
Booking was successful at worth house. Reference number is : E2KQ4G5L.
That's hotel-parking problem. 18 of our lodging establishments offer hotel-parking wifi. Is there a price range or location you'd prefer?
We were able to find accommodations for this person.
I'm sorry, I can't book at Aylesbray Lodge for hotel-book stay days. Would you like a shorter stay?
Your booking was successful and your Reference number is 6Y6KP7A2. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is LGTAR2R. Can I help you with anything else?
Lovell Lodge is also two stars.  In the hotel-price range price range, located in the North, at 365 milton road. It has hotel-parking parking and wifi. 
Yes, tell me what day are you arriving, how long is your stay, and for how many people?
Yes, huntingdon marriott hotel-type and the hotel-area belfry.
Would you like me to book you at the allenbell? It's in the hotel-price range price range in the hotel-area part of town.
Try the a and b guest house or arbury lodge guesthouse
Okay. let's narrow down your options. Which area of town do you prefer? 
I have at least two properties matching your requirements and both are considered hotel-book stay star hotels. Would you like me to book one of them?
I found hotel-book stay hotels that meets your criteria. Do you want parking?
Yes, I was able to successfully book you for two nights. Is there anything else you need?
I'm sorry, it seems there wasn't a room available, after all. Shall we try another hotel?
Not a problem! If you need more assistance, please let me know!
Would you like a hotel-type in the hotel-area or the centre?
Two do, the ashley hotel-type and the lovell lodge.
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : LXZ3ERL8. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
How about the Hobsons House?
Alexander bed and breakfast was able to be booked reference number is YUX0ZQKU.
Thank you for choosing the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
ashley hotel-type in Northe part of town
Sure Rosa's is located on the hotel-area side of town, is in the hotel-price range price range and is rated hotel-book stay stars.
That is all unless you need something more from me.
You are very welcome. Please call again.
How about the University Arms Hotel? It is in the same price range.
Yes, they have hotel-parking wifi.  Would you like to book the hotel-type now?
There are many in the hotel-area that fit you description. Can I find out what type and rating place to stay you are looking for?
Both the Huntingdon Marriott and the Cambridge Belfry fit that criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation?
There are hotel-parking results in this area, but I could try and find something close to that if you'd like?
Have a nice day.  Call back if you need anything.  
There are hotel-book stay hotels with a hotel-book stay star rating and hotel-parking parking. Would you like to stay in the hotel-area or south?
Okay, great. Have a safe trip. Goodbye.
Yes I have two options in the hotel-area and on in the east, any preference?
Okay I have booked The Acorn Guest House for Wednesday for hotel-book stay people and for hotel-book stay days. Your reference number is F821XS1G. Is there anything else I can help with?
I have the cityroomz. It is a hotel-price range price hotel-type in the center. Would you like me to book that for you?
Call us again, sir. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
Do you have a preference on price range?
Unfortunately, the hotel-type couldn't accommodate you. would you like to change the day or time?
Do you mean in the center of town?
I can book you in the autumn house. would you like me to do that
Booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like me to try a different hotel?
Thank you for using the service. Good bye. 
Yes of course we can arrange a hostel that does not charge for wifi as extra. Do you have a brand in mind?
Goodbye.
Your booking was successful and reference number is Q1P81Y9Z. Can I assist you with anything else?
I have several places that meet your criteria. Do you have an area you are interested in?
I am sorry there are hotel-parking others in that price range in any area,would you like to change the star rating to check for others?
I have 16 entries matching that criteria.  What part of town and price range would you prefer?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel.
Here is the number for the guesthouse if you have any further inquiries: 01223315702. Thank you!
I have you booked in the Ashley hotel. Your reference number is CW6YMT0B. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, the phone number is 01223525725. Do you have any other questions or concerns?
Yes that is all right.
I have 21 hotel-book stay star places, can you tell me what area you would like to be in?
You are welcome.  Good bye.
I have the info for that place, what would you like to know?
Okay enjoy your stay.
Their number is 01223304906 and the postcode is cb39lh.  Anything else?
Yes, Rosa's absolutely has hotel-parking WiFi.  Can I book a room for you?
I am glad I was able to help you. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
You are welcome! Have a nice day.
Yes there are five such hotels. Which area of town could you like to stay?
Yes, worth house is a hotel-price range four star guesthouse in the hotel-area area with hotel-parking parking and internet. All our options for your other preferences have wifi. Would you like to reserve a room?
They're mostly Guesthouses, and one hotel.
I was able to book the Huntingdon Marriott for hotel-book stay people Monday for hotel-book stay nights. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
There are twelve options fitting your description, sir. What price range are you interested in?
Yes, they do have hotel-parking wifi! Would you like me to book a stay for you?
I was able to book University Arms Hotel, reference number is VOF0UGNG.
I have 23 guesthouse that meet your requirements. Is there a price range or area of town you prefer?
You are very welcome, thank you and have a nice stay. 
The marriott worked. Your reference number is NNFT47MW.
Okay, do you have a specific area you want to stay in?
I'm sorry I could not book you there. Could we try another hotel?
The postcode for hobsons house is cb39lh.  Do you want a reservation?
I will be happy to book it for you! How many people will be staying?
i have hotel-book stay hotels in the hotel-area and hotel-book stay in the centre.  Would you like to book one of these?
I'm sorry, that booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like me to find another hotel?
There are many, can I get the area you are looking for to narrow it down a bit?
The Hobson in not open, but I have the Hamilton open, would you like me too book it, it fits the same criteria. 
I'm sorry, there are hotel-parking rooms available at that time. Would you like a different day or shorter stay?
There are 11 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow them down by price range?
Yes I have two in the hotel-price range price range and on in the hotel-price range price range, any preference?
I would love to help you! There are hotel-book stay options in the East. Would you like a hotel-type or a guesthouse?
Booking was unsuccessful.
Would you like to find another hotel.
 of course. ive got some options. you can check the out
It certainly does. Would you like to make a reservation? 
I apologize, it does not. Do you have a specific price range in mind?
Allenbell is my favorite. It has four stars. The phone number is 01223210353. Shall I book that for you?
It looks like alot of places are listed that have hotel-book stay stars. Did you have a preference on the area or price range maybe?
How many days will you be staying?
Yes, address is 154 chesterton road. Their phone number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay great. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Autumn house is a hotel-price range guest house in the east. Would you like me to book that for you?
Hobsons House is a guesthouse in the hotel-area part of town, it is moderately priced with hotel-book stay stars, internet and parking. Would you like more information? 
Yes they can! Your booking was successful and your reference number is 3O4M8ZSU. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
There are hotel-book stay guesthouses and two hotels meeting your needs. Do  you have a preference as to type?
Great! That's Finches Bed and Breakfast. It's located at 144 Thornton Road cb30nd. Would you like to book a stay?
You are welcome.  Have a great stay at Allenbell.  Bye.
hotel-parking it only has hotel-book stay stars, would you like me to find you something else?
I'm glad I could help!
I have hotel-book stay available. They are both guest house and one is hotel-book stay stars and the other is hotel-book people Do you have a preference?
I've checked again. Unfortunately, there are hotel-parking hotel-price range hotels in the northern part of town.
I apologize but that guesthouse is unable to accommodate you.  Would you like me to choose a different guesthouse or change the day?
How about the Acorn Guesthouse? Free wifi and hotel-price range price range.
Okay, that booking was successful. You're reference number is 3AT2D81N. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry there are hotel-parking hotel-type that are hotel-price range in the Centre of the city. Would you like a different part of town?
The only other hotel-type that matches your requirements is the lensfield hotel-type located in the south. Would you like me to make a booking?
Sure, there are 14 choices that meet your needs. Do you prefer a hotel-type or guesthouse?
There is not a hotel-price range hotel-type in the hotel-area area. Is there another area I can look for you?
I found Acorn Guest House would that work for you?
You are all set. The reference number is 12OOOWTR.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Bye, have a good day
There are several that meet your criteria.  Do you need hotel-parking parking?
And thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a great day!
Booking was successful.  Reference number is : JAKCI7JO.  Is there anything else we can help you with today?
I'm sorry, it wasn't available.  I did book a room at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.  It is a hotel-price range hotel-book stay star with hotel-parking parking. Reference number B4IRJDNN.
Their address is 144 thornton road	 and the postcode is cb30nd
Would you like me to book the archway house? It is a hotel-book stay star guesthouse with hotel-parking wifi and parking.
No problem.  Your reference number is VQLMM8NQ.  Anything else?
Great, I've got you booked for hotel-book stay days starting Monday for hotel-book stay guests is this correct?
Okay, well, did you need anything else today?
Huntingdon marriott hotel-type has parking and is a highly rated hotel.
Yes, all of the hotels that satisfy your constraints have hotel-parking parking slots.
And you said a guesthouse would be fine, correct? I have the Bridge Guest House which is a hotel-book stay star with hotel-parking internet and parking. 
Yes, it is cheap, do you need a booking, or just information?
You're welcome. Good-bye.
I'm sorry, I only know that it is moderately priced.  Can I book a room for you?
I have a few guest house that offer parking, is there a certain pricerange you are looking for?
It sure does. Can I book your stay for you?
Glad I could help hope you have a great day. 
The ashley hotel-type is a hotel-book stay star moderately priced hotel-type that includes hotel-parking wifi. Would you be interested in booking a room at this location?
Thank you for contacting the help desk. Have a great day.
I have 21 that have hotel-book stay stars, 18 are guest houses and hotel-book stay are hotels. Do you have a preference to area or type of place?
There is one hotel-type and hotel-book stay guesthouses in the hotel-area with hotel-parking Internet. Do you prefer a certain price range?
Do you have a specific pricerange you are looking for?
i booked your hotel-type here is your conformation codeYI2WGUQA.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I'm sorry, there were hotel-parking rooms available. Would you like to find another hotel?
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : IHW6XAGZ.
Autumn house	is in the hotel-price range price range as well if you'd like to try that.
I booked the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for you.  Your reference number is TQ7XK6MP for your arrival on Sunday. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I was able to book a room at Carolina bed and breakfast, the reference number is 168T25C6. Is there anything else you need help with?
To make sure I get the booking right, by the weekend you mean you want to stay for two nights starting Saturday? And how many people will be staying?
Goodbye and enjoy your stay!
Yes, the allenbell meets all your needs. Shall I book the guesthouse for you?
Yes, that is located in the east.
I have 9 guesthouse in the hotel-price range range with hotel-parking parking and hotel-book stay stars. The archway house is nice on the hotel-area side.
There are hotel-parking cottages.
I was able to book at the carolina bed and breakfast. Your reference number is V6BZIIOC. Is there anything else?
What type of lodging would you prefer? And do you care about price or area?
There are several hotels in that price range. Do you have a particular area of town you are interested in staying in?
huntingdon marriott hotel-type is a nice place and is a hotel-book stay star hotel.Would you like me to book it for you ?
The City Centre North B and B has internet and parking.  Can I book a room for you?
Thank you.  Enjoy your trip.  Good bye.
You're very welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
Okay great. I was able to book the Gonville Hotel and your reference number is KWEQK0K1.
Sure.  Your reference number is 8Y3768BT.  Anything else?
I'm afraid there's hotel-parking availability for that time. Can we try a different day or length of stay?
Thank you, bye.
Can you please tell me how many people will be staying and for how many nights?
I cannot reserve a room at that time, perhaps another hotel?
I found hotel-book stay guesthouses and hotel-book stay hotels with hotel-book stay star ratings do you have a preference?
Booked at alexander bed and breakfast. Reference number: 80R46AWL.
i have hotel-book stay locations that match your requirements, one is cheap, one is moderate. which would you prefer?
Great. I was happy to help. Good-Bye!
I have 12 such places. I'd suggest the Acorn Guest House, which has hotel-book stay stars. Would you like to book a room?
That one is not open then, shall I try another?
I glad we could help. Have a great day.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
It is done.  You're reference number is 143ZF1M5. Can I help you with anything else?
I have found the hotel. It is in the hotel-price range price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
There are hotel-parking other hotels located in the east. Is there another area you would prefer?
That booking was successful, your reference number is 3KW6V911. Is there anything else I can help do for you?
Aylesbray Lodge guest house is moderately priced and has hotel-parking wifi. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Not on the hotel-area side of town. There are two on the hotel-area side and one in the town centre.
Is there anything else  I can help you with?
I have one listing for the hotel-area belfry, the phone number is 01954714600. Would you like me to book you a room?

Booking was unsuccessful.
Please book another day or a shorter stay
Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!
Yes it also has hotel-parking parking. Anything else today?
You're very welcome. Good day!
Yes it does and I was able to book it for you! The reference number is LCO449VR.
I found the gonville hotel. It is located in the center, is in the hotel-price range price range, has hotel-parking internet and parking! Shall I book it?
All right, we have many places to stay with hotel-parking wi-fi. What area of town would you like to stay in? 
That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to help you find another hotel?
There is the huntingdon marriott hotel-type which is hotel-book stay star in the hotel-price range range with wifi. Would you like me to book a room there?
We have nine hotel-price range guest houses. All offer hotel-parking internet and hotel-parking parking. Some have hotel-stars star ratings and others have hotel-book stay stars. What sounds good to you?
Is there a certain side of town you want to be on?
Okay well enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Yes I was able to book a room there for one night. Reference number is PL0P458J.
Is there any thing else you need?
There are many guesthouses that meet your criteria. Do you have a pricerange in mind?
Yes they does, but hotel-parking hotel-parking parking though.
I'm sorry. I couldn't book the Leverton House for that day.  Would you like me to try another hotel?
I found a hotel-book stay star hotel-type in the hotel-area area that is cheap. It's called the allenbell, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, the Alpha-Milton is a guest house located in the North? Do you wish for me to make you a reservation?
There are many places that meet that criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
You are welcome. Do you need anything else?
Sure. How many days would you like to stay and how many people will be staying?
Yes to both. 
Absolutely. Can I suggest the Warkworth House at a hotel-price range price range, or the Autumn House at a hotel-price range price range. Do either of these interest you?
I hope you have a wonderful day as well. 
Sorry but I was unable to book. Do you wanna change the day you book or the number of days?
How about the Acorn guest house? It is available on Thursday.
The postcode is cb41sr. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Your are welcome. I trust you will enjoy your visit. 
Sure, we have many. Do you have a specific area you want to stay in?
alexander bed and breakfast is a nice place.would you like me to book it for you ?
I am sorry but I cannot find a guesthouse in the hotel-area that is expensive. Would you like me to look for a different price range?
Thank you goodbye
I have the Archway House that is hotel-book stay stars. And is located in the north. Would you like me to try to book that?
I have hotel-book stay results for a hotel-price range hotel-book stay star guesthouse, what area are you looking to stay in?
There are hotel-parking other options in the hotel-price range range, would you like me to try something else?
Wonderful! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Alright. what area do you want to stay in?
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!
How about Autumn House? It's hotel-price range and in the East.
finches bed and breakfast is a hotel-price range guesthouse in the hotel-area area. Would you like me to book a room for you?
There are hotel-parking hotels that fit your criteria. However, there are hotel-book stay guesthouses available. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
The Avalon is a guesthouse. Would it interest you? If so, I can help you book a room if you like? 
enjoy your stay, bye!
Alright, I have many options available for you to chose from. Do you have a price range you're looking for, or an area of town you'd like to stay in?
The address is 152 chesterton road.
Sure! The address for the acorn guest house is 154 chesterton road cb41da and the phone is 01223353888. 
Glad to help. Thank you and goodbye! 
Sounds like you are looking for express by holiday inn cambridge.  Can I reserve a room for you?
You are welcome. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Good bye.
Your booking was successful and the Reference number is  IYGOHWCR. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
There are several. Alexander Bed and Breakfast is hotel-price range and is in the Centre. Would you like me to book that?
There are hotel-parking hotel-book stay star hotels without internet. There are 21 four star hotels with internet. What area or price range are you looking for?
Reference number is 4D968P9B.

Yes both have hotel-parking internet. Which one do you prefer?
I'm sorry the Alpha-Minton doesn't have hotel-parking wifi. I booked you into the Avalon starting Saturday, which you wanted.
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an hotel-price range hotel-type with hotel-parking parking. Their phone number is 01223866800.
Ok. There are several hotels with parking available. What specific area of town are you wanting?
I sure can.  There are 23 guesthouse with hotel-parking wifi.  Would you prefer a certain part of town?
There are two hotels with hotel-parking parking and a 2-star rating.
I only have the Belfry in that star and price range. Would you like to try another combination of stars and price ranges?
I was able to book you at express by holiday inn cambridge, your reference number is MSGBHKWK, is there anything else that I can assist with?
Alright, you are booked at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.  Reference number is UK8T46J8.
hobsons house is in the West.Would you like me to book it for you ?
I have 2. City hotel-area hotel-area b and b in the hotel-area and the el shaddai in the centre. Which one would you prefer?
I have 33 results, is there a specific area you prefer? 
Okay. I was able to book you into the Allenbell and your reference number is MLL5WTH5.
A and b guest house is moderately priced in the hotel-area part of town.
Unfortunately, there are hotel-parking hotel-price range hotels in the hotel-area that include hotel-parking wifi. Would you like to change your criteria?
Okay, you're booked at Acorn guest house with reference number HK5AYCB6. May I help with anything else?
Booking unsuccessful. Want to try for a shorter stay?
We have 21 guesthouses with hotel-parking parking. Do you need a certain area of town?
All right, the Worth House is a guesthouse that should meet your needs. The phone number is 01223316074. What other informatoin do you need?
Alright, glad I could help.
Thank you booking with us. Have a great stay.
I was able to book you for the Worth house which meets all of your criteria, your reference number is RJUMPPNC
I would love to help! This is a guesthouse located in the north. It is moderately priced and has a four star rating. Any thing else? 
My records do not show any hotel-book stay star hotels with hotel-parking parking, however the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is a hotel-book stay star hotel-type with hotel-parking parking. Would that be okay?
I found 29 places matching that criteria. Do you have a particular area you would like to stay in or a price range you would like to stick to? 
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your stay in our city!
Yes, they both have hotel-parking parking.
Yes, the Hobsons House has hotel-book stay stars and meets your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
The autumn house is a hotel-price range four star guesthouse that has wifi and parking in the hotel-area area. Would you like to make a reservation?
Unfortunately, there is hotel-parking availability at any of the hotel-book stay guesthouses for your needs. Do you want to book for another day or for a shorter stay?
What dates are you interested in staying?
All right, and can you tell me which day you'll be beginning your stay?
Have a great day!
Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like me to look at another hotel?
All of them include hotel-parking wifi.
How about acorn house? They have excellent reviews.
Alright. I was able to book you a room at the carolina bed and breakfast. Your reference number is OZ7QG2OK. Is there anything else you need? 
We have hotel-book stay guesthouses that match your needs. aylesbray lodge guest house or rosa's bed and breakfast. Does either of these fancy your interest?
I have booked you at Finches Bed and Breakfast. Reference number is : J9AW7GHH Is there anything else you need help with?
Both hotels have parking and wifi, would you like to book one?
Sure I was able to book you into the Cambridge Belfry and your reference number is 4MYONDFW.
Sounds great! have a nice day!
Great! Have a nice day!
Acorn house has hotel-parking wifi. Is that okay?
Unfortunately, I couldn't find a match.
Sorry, the Acorn is not open then, shall I try somewhere else that fits your criteria?
Yes. City Centre North B & B is in the hotel-price range pricerange.
There is nothing in the hotel-area with zero stars and hotel-parking parking. Do you want to change the star rating or other criteria?
I was unable to book your stay at any of the three hotels. Would you like to change the length of your stay or change the day?
Do you want me to book the guesthouse for you? I will need your day of arrival, the number of people and the number of nights.
The booking is successful for hotel-book stay night. The reference number is NNA3OC5W. May I help you with anything else?
The lensfield hotel-type meets all those criteria.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Okay, I've made you a reservation at the autumn house. Your reference number is HCQFAEJ3. Can I do anything else for you today?
Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like for me to find another hotel?
I found the acorn guest house! It has hotel-parking wifi and parking, four star rating and is in a hotel-price range price range! Would you like me to book it? 
Would you like me to try and book a room for you at the Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
The Huntington Marriott Hotel is the only hotel-price range hotel-type in the west.
The reference number is 5F7YBB5M. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have several options for you with prices ranging from hotel-price range to moderate. I recommend the Archway House.
acorn guest house is a nice place.Would you like the address ?
Sure, there are 9 hotels with hotel-parking wifi. Is there an area of town or price range you prefer? 
Acorn guest house is in the North and offers wifi, it is moderately priced and has hotel-book stay stars. Would you like to book it? 
I recommend the Kirkwood House. It is a guesthouse with hotel-book stay star ratings. The postcode is cb41da, and the address is 172 Chesterton Road.
The Cambridge Belfry fits your request.  Would you like to book a room?
Yes certainly. I have checked and the acorn is indeed a hotel-book stay star hotel. Would you still like me to book that for you?
What else can I do for you?
I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Unfortunately, there are hotel-parking hotels meeting your needs. However, there are three hotel-price range price guesthouses in the east. Are you interested in more information?
Ok for how many people and how long is your stay going to be?
I found 13 hotels on the hotel-area side of town 
Alright, I've found several options. What price range are you looking for?
I have the Arbury Lodge guest house on the hotel-area side. Shall I reserve it for you?
You are all set at the Alexander B & B.  Reference number M95XHCDT.  Can I find anything else for you today?
Sure, The Lensfield hotel-type is in the south.  It is very nice, can I book it for you?
I'm sorry I have found hotel-parking matches. 
There is the Finches Bed and Breakfast would keep you on the same side of town but it is a guesthouse. Will this work for you?
Certainly. It's a guest house. The phone number is 01223247942.
Sorry, I was mistaken. There are hotel-book stay guesthouses matching your request. One each in the south, north, and west. Would you like to book one?
You might be interested in the University Arms Hotel.  Should I book you a room?
Do you have a price range or a specific area?
The reference number is EV6UDNPJ. Anything else you need?
No that is the only hotel-type in that price range. It there anything else?
Glad to help! Have a lovely day.
You are welcome.
Yes of course, their postcode is cb41da, and their address is 154 Chesterton road. Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
I am sorry, the Hamilton is already booked. Would you be interested in the Bridge Guest House instead? It is the same as the Hamilton but is in the Southern area.
Okay, I've booked you at Autumn House with reference number 6OSPYSH1. May I help with anything else?
Your welcome have a good day!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy your stay.
I was able to book the Bridge Guest House for hotel-book stay people starting Tuesday for hotel-book stay nights. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do not see a hotel-type in the hotel-area part of the city. Do you have any recommendations?
I'm sorry, the Warkworth is unavailable for your dates. Perhaps you are flexible with your dates?
How about the Ashley Hotel? It is on the hotel-area side of town, has hotel-book stay stars, hotel-parking wifi and parking, and is moderately priced.
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to try aylesbray lodge guest house?
No, but the alexander bed and breakfast is in the hotel-price range range and has wifi. It's in the hotel-area of town. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
You are welcome, have a great day.
Happy to help. Have a great day! Good-Bye!
The booking was successful. Your reference number is 81E1ITXC. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Of course. The reference number is TPTBTVJ9.
The address for Kirkwood house is 172 Chesterton Road, CB41DA. Can I help you with anything else? 
Your reference number is AEBKVJV3. Is there anything else you needed today?
Sorry there are hotel-parking hotels that meet that criteria. Can I try a different area for you?
Your are looking for an upscale guesthouse. I can help you with that. There are a few options, what area would you like?
14 of them do. Would you like me to book you a room at the Bridge Guest House, or any of the others?
No problem.  Do you need anything else today?
You are booked into the Avalon which is moderately priced. There were hotel-parking guesthouses in the hotel-price range range.  Your reference number is WSPNWZI0.
Yes the place provides hotel-parking wifi.
You are welcome! Have a nice day!
I have several options for you. I have one hotel-type and the other hotel-book stay are guesthouses. All have hotel-parking wifi and parking. Do you prefer a certain price range?
You are welcome.  Can I do anything else for you today?
I have 18 results. What price range would you like? 
I can try to book at the el shaddai for you. How long is your stay and for how many please?
You are welcome. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
Great, enjoy your stay! Please contact me again if you need anything else.
I've found hotel-book stay choices that match your inquiry. Are you looking for a specific price range?
The Arbury Lodge has hotel-book stay stars and is located at 82 Arbury road, in the north. They offer both hotel-parking wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Booked! Reference number is: L66TSMYA.
I'm glad I could help. Enjoy your stay.
Of course! I have hotel-book stay options: hotel-book stay of which have hotel-book stay stars and hotel-book stay has hotel-book stay stars. Would you like more information?
So glad we were able to get you booked. Have a great day. Good-Bye!
Have a good day, goodbye.
We have 9 options, including home from home guesthouse in the north. Shall I book it for you?
There are hotel-parking 4-star places that are hotel-price range and have hotel-parking wifi. Perhaps something not as fancy, or in a higher price range? 
Reference number is DVGIBPIM.
 book another day or a shorter stay please
Have a good stay. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Good bye.
Thank you for using our services. Do you need further assistance?
There are 29 places matching that, do you have any other preferences?
All right, I have you booked at the University Arms with reference number JAD762EV. Can I help you with anything else?
The A and B Guest House is located in the hotel-area part of the city. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : XQ9KI92A.
That did the trick. I was able to book for hotel-book stay people for hotel-book stay nights starting Wednesday at the Acorn Guest House. Reference number is G591ZUVT.
You're welcome. Will you be needing anything else today?
The number is 01223315702.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Sure! There is a three-star guesthouse without hotel-parking parking at 63 Milton Road. Would you like me to book the hotel-type for you?
No worries! How about the Acorn Guest House? It meets your needs. May I help book it?
There are several. Do you have a preference for area?
Unfortunately, the hotel-type is unavailable at that time. Would you like me to find another hotel?
Would you like me to check availability for Arbury Lodge Guesthouse on a particular date?
I can only tell you they are all in the hotel-price range price range. Do you have any other preferences?
Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!
There are quite a few hotels that fit that description. Do you have a preference as to area or price range?
Is there anything else you will need today?
Have a good day.
No, it is not. How about Ashley hotel? 
Thank you for calling. Have a great day!
I'm sorry but there are hotel-parking hotel-book stay star hotels in the east, but there are quite a few hotel-book stay star guesthouses. Would one of those interest you? 
I have nothing with that exact criteria, perhaps something with a bit of a change in criteria?
No there are hotel-parking guesthouses in the centre. Would you like anything else?
You are welcome, goodbye.
I found hotel-book stay hotel-price range hotels, do you have a particular area you would like to stay in? 
I booked the university Arms Hotel for hotel-book stay people starting Thursday staying for hotel-book stay nights.  Your reservation number is XQE5GLOD.  Anything else I can help you with?
Yes they are. 
Avalon is available for four nights starting on Monday. Your reference number is 59GZA6ME. Can I do anything else for you?
Can I get information on the area you would like the guesthouse in?
Have a good trip. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Good bye.
It is a hotel-type in the hotel-area part of town in the hotel-price range price range with a hotel-book stay star rating, hotel-parking internet, and hotel-parking parking
Unfortunately, we were unable to book that guesthouse. Should we try one of the other guesthouses?
You are booked at the acorn guest house. Reference number is ROCCFCM6.
The El Shaddai Hotel is located at 41 warkworth street, would yo+u like the phone number?
I can book your room now. Thank you so much
I apologize the booking was unsuccessful.  Would you be interested in another hotel?
Okay, the hotel-area belfry fits all of your needs. 
The only hotel-price range hotel-type I can find is Finches Bed and Breakfast.  It is a guesthouse though.  Will that be fine?
Goodbye. Have a great day!
Is there a price range you would like to stay within?
There are hotel-book stay guesthouses in the hotel-area that are moderately priced and all have parking, I apologise for the earlier error. Do you have a preference to star numbers? 
Yes, Archway House offers hotel-parking parking. May I help with something else?
Yes, it is a guesthouse in the hotel-area part of town in the hotel-price range price range. Would you like to know anything else about it.
The gonville hotel-type is booked. However, the good news is you are booked into university arms hotel. The reference number is BQ60JNGD. Is there anything else?
Okay, you're booked at Avalon with reference number 7U6TURWS. May I help with anything else?
I am sorry, there is hotel-parking availability for those dates. Would you like me to try to find another hotel? 
I have several options to offer you, is there an area of town, or price range you'd like?
Okay goodbye have a nice day!
No I'm sorry, I don't. Is there another price range you would consider?
The el shaddai was full but I was able to book you at the city hotel-area hotel-area b and b. Reference number XLPM3FVL. 
I have hotel-book stay hotels that fit your criteria, are you looking for a particular area or number of stars? 
I am sorry that booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to find another hotel?
I have found matching two hotels in that area. Ashley Hotel has two stars, and Lovell Lodge also has two stars. Would you like me to book one? 
Okay great. I am glad I could help.
Allenbell matches those requirements, would you like to stay there?
I do not have that hotel-type at that time, should I try for a shorter stay?
You're welcome and have a great stay.
I have the Hamilton Lodge in the north, would you like me to book that one?
I've booked that reservation. The reference number is 1G6A07OI. Can I assist with something else?
The booking was unsuccessful. would you like another day or a shorter stay?
Okay, you're booked with reference number DAE0XR6A. May I help with anything else?
The Archway House is in the hotel-price range price range. Their address is 52 gilbert road. The phone number is 01223575314. Do you need any other information?
Booking was successful. Can I get you anything else?
No problem at all. Have a great day.
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : SNGZ3N0D.
You're welcome, Thank you, goodbye.
I also have Aylesbray Lodge Guest House in the south. It's moderately priced. Would that work for you?
The Acorn Guest House has a hotel-book stay star rating and has both hotel-parking internet and parking.  Can I book a stay for you?
Yes Leverton is in the hotel-price range price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
There is hotel-book stay guesthouse and hotel-book stay hotel-type in the hotel-price range price range. Which would you prefer?
Happy to be of service, and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Thank you for using our services & have a good day.
the a nd b guesthouse has wi-fi and fits the rest of your criteria, I can book you if you would like.
The Ashley is a hotel. It's on the hotel-area end of town. Would you like to make a reservation here or should we keep looking?
The hotel-area belfry matches those requirements.
There are hotel-book stay others in the hotel-area area,what price range are you looking for?
Great, I have found several guesthouses but unfortunately hotel-parking hotels  in the hotel-area side that are rated hotel-book stay stars. Would you be interested in something like that? 
You're welcome. Have a pleasant stay. Goodbye.
I'm sorry but there are hotel-parking hotels are guesthouses with a hotel-book stay star rating in the south. Would you like to try a hotel-book stay star rating instead?
Enjoy your stay! Goodbye!
I'm sorry. There is not one in the hotel-price range range. I do have hotel-book stay in the hotel-price range range. Would you be interested in one of those?
We have hotel-book stay guesthouses that meet your requests. Can I book a room for you?
You're welcome. May I help you with a taxi or restaurant booking?
Thank you. 
I was able to book University Arms Hotel, reference number is PFYQXYLU
The El Shaddai is a guesthouse in the hotel-area of town. Would you like me to book that for you?
I have hotel-book stay hotels that fit those qualifications, do you want to stay in a specific part of town, or is there a star rating you're looking for?
When and how long are you wanting to stay? I can see what is available.
There are hotel-book stay hotels in the hotel-area part of town with parking. Would you like to book one of them?
I am happy to help you with that. We have many options that offer hotel-parking parking and wifi. Are you looking for a particular area or price range?
I have two hotels in that category. Both are hotel-price range and have hotel-book stay stars each. Both offer hotel-parking wifi and parking. Do you prefer the hotel-area or hotel-area of town?
Thank you for choosing us to book for you. Have a great day!
I have found a guestgouse with a hotel-price range price range. Would you like me to book it?
It includes hotel-parking parking.   Would you like to book a room at this hotel?
I have hotel-book stay Guesthouses available for what you need.  Do you want information on one of them?
Thank you for using our services. 
You have the Gonville Hotel or the University Arms to choose from. The Gonville is a hotel-book stay star hotel-type while the University Arms is hotel-book stay star.
Is there a specific side of town you'd like to be on?
I found a hotel-book stay star hotel-type with hotel-parking wifi would you like me to book it?
The address is sleeperz hotel, station road.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, Cityroomz is a hotel. The City Center North B&B or the El Shaddai are hotel-stars star guesthouses.
No, that is in the hotel-price range price range.
hotel-parking you may. your reference number is JQGVOECL. is there anything else that i may assist you with?
Yes, they do. I'd recommend Acorn Guest House. It's at 154 chesterton road cb41da. The phone number is 01223353888. Would that work for you?
Okay. Thank you for calling.
There is one option, it is The Lensfield Hotel. Do you want me to reserve any rooms for you?
I show acorn guest house which is in the same area and price range.  Would you like me to check availability there?
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel I believe would be fine. Thank you.
I have hotel-book stay guesthouses with hotel-book stay stars, which area would you like me to search? 
I'm sorry there are hotel-parking moderately priced hotels in the hotel-area of town with hotel-parking parking. Would you like me to check a different area or price range?
I booked a room at the Allenbell guesthouse on Coldham Lane.  The reference number is 7QVODJMI.  Can I be of any other assistance to you?
The address is sleeperz hotel, station road cb12tz and the phone number is 01223304050. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Archway house is a good choice!
Worth House is in the hotel-price range price range. Would you like any more information? 
How does the Alexander bed and breakfast in the hotel-area sound?
Yes. I made a reservation for you at the Alexander for hotel-book stay people, hotel-book stay nights, starting Sunday. The reference number is Y7X3UYY5. Can I help you with anything else?
I have hotel-book stay listings in that area,what price range were you looking for?
There are two. The Ashley hotel-type and the Lovell Lodge. Both have internet and parking.  Both are hotel-book stay stars. 
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 7GAWK763. Anything else I can do for you?
I have several options for you, but how about the Acorn Guest House? It is moderately priced and has hotel-parking wifi as well as parking.
I have found several hotels. Is there a specific area you are looking for?
I have that booked, the reference code is 8EPNPVVM. Anything else?
How many people will be staying?
Yes it is hotel-book stay stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
I'm sorry, four nights isn't possible either.
I booked you at city hotel-area hotel-area b and b. Your reference number is Y87Q565O. Do you need anything else?
Okay, the hamilton lodge fits those conditions.  Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, two of them are. Aylesbray lodge guest house and rose's bed and breakfast
The huntingdon marriott hotel	is a hotel-book stay star hotel-type with Internet in the west. Would you like me to make a booking?
Okay and what area would you like to stay in?
Great news! I was able to book you into the Acorn hotel-type for hotel-book stay nights accommodating hotel-book stay people. Your reference number is  B0WC4956. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry. I have hotel-parking hotel-book stay star hotels in the center of town. However, I have some in other parts of town. Would you care to modify your search criteria?
I'm not showing anything in that area of town with hotel-parking parking.  Would you like to try a different area?
Enjoy your stay
The Acorn Guest House fits your criteria. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, there are 33 hotels that meet your requests. Some of them offer parking or hotel-parking internet as well. 
All right, I've booked you a room at the Avalon guesthouse. The reference number is S6DQRXZ2. 
Yes, City Centre B&B has a postal code of cb43ht.   They can be reached at 01223312843.  May I assist with anything else?
Booking was successful at the aylesbray lodge guest house. The reference number is 8LNX4EQO.
We have 23 such places. Any preference on area?
Ok thank you for using our service & have a good day!
I'm sorry I don't have any matches. Should we try a different price range?
I don't have any upscale guesthouses available. Is there a different price range I can help you find?
So glad I could help. Have a lovely day!
I got you a room at carolina bed and breakfast. Your reference number is IBNBRCMH. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Unfortunately I could not book that for you. Would you like to try another hotel?
Sure, we have 21 guesthouses that offer hotel-parking parking. Do you have a price range you're looking for or some part of town you want to stay in?
Okay thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.
I booked you at Acorn Guest House.  Your reference number is VMYBAGS7.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, they both have a 2-star rating.
The Gonville Hotel meets your requirements. Would you like me to book you a room?
Thank you for using our system today!
Great, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm sorry there are hotel-parking hotel-book stay star hotels with internet, would you like me to search on hotel-book stay stars, we have a few hotels available.
So happy I was able to help. Good-Bye. 
Finches is in the west, at 144 thornton road. Can I help with anything else today?
Alright, for how many people and for how long would you like to book this? 
I found hotel-book stay for you all in the hotel-price range price range. Can you please give me the details so that I may book it for you?
Okay Great. Glad I could be of help.
Sure, that worked.  You have booked hotel-book stay nights and your reference number is RU89U6V8.  Can I be of further help today?
I booked a room at the Autumn House on Newmarket Road.  The reference number is D7HJJCU8.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I have found the Warkworth House located in the East. It is hotel-book stay stars and is in the hotel-price range price range. May I book it for you?
Acorn guest house is available if that would work for you?
Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day.
There are 11 options located in the east, north, and south. What location would you prefer?
We have 14 places that are moderately priced with parking. Do you want any particular area?
Unfortunately, neither location can accommodate your request, would you like to try for a different length length of time?
Thank you for contacting the help desk, have a great day.
The booking was successful.  Your reference number is UQMLOG0I.  Can I help you with anything else?
So glad to help! Have a great day. Good-Bye!
I have hotel-book stay with hotel-stars stars. One is hotel-price range the other is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
Good bye, enjoy your stay.
We have many places to choose from. Do you have a specific price range or area you want to stay in?
Yes, I have found the Leverton House located in the east.
gonville hotel-type is a nice place.Would you like me to book it or do you want the adress ?
Your room is booked under ref# 54KH70IQ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
How about Acorn Guest House? It's located at 154 Chesterton Road.
I have the El Shaddai and the Cityroomz that are not rated. Would you like to book one of these?
Yes, this guesthouse is open. Do you need help with booking?
Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try another hotel?
I was able to book a room for hotel-book stay nights. Your reference number is V96BTDAI.
I have made that booking for you. Your reference number is E31YXTP1.
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to try another hotel?

Would you like to try a hotel?
Have a good day.  Thank you for using our service. 
Certainly, the phone number is 01223353071. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're very welcome. Have a great trip.
I have hotel-book stay hotels that meet that criteria. What area of the city would you like to stay in?
You are welcome.   Bye.
The hotel-area belfry is hotel-book stay stars and cheap,would you like me to make a booking?
They do! Would you like to reserve a room?
I have one place that suits your needs. It is the City Centre North B & B. They are located on 328a Histon Road. They offer both hotel-parking wifi and parking.
In the North part of Town, I have 9 moderately priced options. I recommend Arbury Lodge which can accommodate your booking and has hotel-book stay stars.
I'm afraid that wont work. Can we try a different day or length of time?
I was able to book you at the Alexander bed and breakfast. Reference number 3AUURSZJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, my bad! The reference number is 169N4VTV. Do you need anything else?
We have 11 guesthouses available in the area, what is your price range and what amenities would you like in the guesthouse?
I was unable to book that, would you like me to try something else?
There aren't any hotels that have both Internet and parking. Would a guesthouse suit your needs?
Personally, I hear good things about the Acorn Guest House.
It is in the hotel-price range price range.  If you would like me to book it for you, I can give you a price then.
Thank you for using our service & have a good day! 
I have hotel-book stay in the hotel-area and hotel-book stay in both the hotel-area and west.  Do you have a preference for location?
Alright, can I get anything else?
Acorn guest house has good ratings would you like to stay there?
No, I am sorry. B&Bs are not offered. 
Carolina Bed & Breakfast is a moderately priced, hotel-book stay star guesthouse on the hotel-area side of town. Do you need additional details?
How many guests and how many nights would you like the reservation for?
Great news! I was able to book you into the Allenbell and your reference number is SOPAP2OX.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is 6WKSPADC.
Success. The reference number is MOUX96ZE.
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. You have a great day! Good Bye.
I have hotel-book stay gueshouses all located in the south. May I book a room for you?
There are hotel-parking hotels matching your requirements, would you like to try something different?
Ok.  There are 10 hotels that meet those criteria.  What part of town would you prefer?
Thank you so much for your help
Glad I could help. Let us know if you need help in the future. Have a great day!!
How many days and how many people?
I have you booked for Thursday at the Worth House for hotel-book stay nights with hotel-book stay people!
Thank you have a good day.
Thank you for using our service today, and have a wonderful stay in Cambridge!
I found five guesthouses. In order to narrow down the choices, would you like one that has internet or parking?
You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay at the Gonville Hotel.  Bye.
Both Finches Bed and Breakfast and The Cambridge Belfry might suit you, they're hotel-price range but rated hotel-book stay stars. Would you like to book at one of them?
You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.
Okay I have you booked for the Allenbell guesthouse. Your reference code is L0ENMAAG. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
The a and b guest house is a 4-star rated guesthouse in the hotel-area with a hotel-price range price range. Would you like to make a booking?
Wonderful. Your booking was succesful. The reference number is 3HW0O0HD.
I need a hotel-type with FREE parking
Okay I can help you with that. What area would you like to stay in?
I have found many options, is there a price range you were looking for?
I have hotel-book stay hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like me to book one for you?
I have a listing for gonville hotel-type but it is expensive, I have looked in other areas and the cheapest are moderate. 
There are 9 to choose from. What area would you like?
Alexander bed and breakfast is available in the hotel-price range price range.
The lensfield hotel-type matches that all your requirements, would you like to book there?
How many nights would you like to stay?
Booking was successful at worth house. It is a guesthouse that is hotel-price range like the hotel-area belfry hotel. Reference number is : N8MJX1YX.
You have a good day also.  Bye.
Have a nice stay.  Bye.
How about Warkworth House? It's also in the east, at warkworth terrace.
Your booking for a party of hotel-book stay arriving on hotel-book day for hotel-book stay days hotel-book stay nights was successful. Your Reference number is DZ1T0E9N. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
What about the gonville hotel-type in the centre? 
You are booked at limehouse. Reference number: ZUP4YPXA.
Their phone is 01954714600 if you choose to make a reservation yourself, or you may contact me again. Thank you!
I have the express by holiday inn hotel-area with internet and parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
Okay great. Enjoy your stay.
The A and B was indeed successful and your reference number is II677Z30.
Okay, there is one located in the hotel-area and one in the centre. 
Sure.  Your reference number is PFGJJSBO.  Anything else?
The guesthouses in the hotel-area are arbury lodge guesthouse, archway house, hamilton lodge, home from home, Kirkwood house and limehouse.
Thank you , let us know if you need more help.Bye.
The city hotel-area is nice.  There's alexander bed and breakfast, a hotel-book stay star guesthouse that meets your criteria. Woiuld you like me to book a reservation. 
I'm sorry, there aren't any rooms available at the hotel-area belfry. Would you like to try another hotel?
I'm sorry for the this. I successfully booked for you accomodation at autumn house. Your reservation number is 9ZA0N2FW.
The allenbell is a 4-star guesthouse in the east. Would you like to make a booking?
OK that is all set, thank you!
The post code for the Acorn Guesthouse is , cb41da. Anything else you may need?
Leverton house is a guesthouse located in the hotel-area area. It's a hotel-book stay star hotel-type in the hotel-price range price range. They offer internet and parking. Their phone number is 01223292094	
I was able to book your stay at ashley motel. Your reference number is KJHYRDCA. Is there anything else today?
The finches bed and breakfast was available.  hotel-book stay nights starting from Monday for hotel-book stay people. Your reference number is  6VBU1SFI. Would that work for you?
There is hotel-book stay guesthouse and hotel-book stay hotel-type that are hotel-price range on the hotel-area side. Which one do you prefer?
Is there a star rating you would prefer to stay at
I have 10 places matching your request.  What part of town would you prefer?
There are 11 different hotels to choose from. What part of town would you like to stay in?
Sure.  It's in the hotel-area on Station Road.  Anything else?
I'm sorry, it doesn't look like they have rooms available. Would you like me to try a different hotel?
Yes, The Archway House is a guesthouse in the north. It's moderately priced, has hotel-book stay stars and includes hotel-parking wifi and internet. Can I book you a room there? 
Okay I will make the reservation.
Yes, I was able to book your guesthouse reservation. Your reference number is NVDLG2QR. Anything else I can help you with?
Sure. There phone number is 01223866800. Would you like me to book it for you?
Great! Let me know if you need anything else.
You're welcome! Please contact us if you would like to make a reservation in the future.
The phone number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Alexander Bed and Breakfast is an option. It is located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road.
Sure.  It's a two star hotel-type and the address is 15-17 Norman Way, Coldhams Business Park.  Anything else?
I'm there to help you. Enjoy your stay!
I was able to book A and B Guest house, reference number is QRVY59M0. 
Oh, I'm unable to process that.  Would you care for a shorter stay?
The Limehouse guesthouse is located in the hotel-area at 78-80 Milton Road
The address is back lane, cambourne. The phone number is 01954714600. Is there anything else I can help with? 
I can certainly help you with that. The Express by Holiday Inn is a great choice. So can you confirm that was Friday for hotel-book stay people, hotel-book stay nights?
In what section of town are you looking to stay? I have hotel-book stay different lodgings that fit your requirements.
There are several guesthouse moderately priced. What part of town would you like it?
There are hotel-book stay in the hotel-area all of them have hotel-parking parking and internet. Would you like me to book a room?
How about the bridge guest house?
Yes, they offer both hotel-parking wifi and hotel-parking parking. Can I assist you in booking a room? 
Good news! I got you into Autumn House instead and you still have hotel-parking parking and a hotel-price range price for your stay. Your reference number is E3MXBFLL.
Sure.  Postcode cb41da and phone number 01223353888.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : FNAJHEWG.
Yes.  Does it matter what part of town?  There is one on the south, one on the north, and one on the west.
With all other parameters the same, unfortunately not. Want to try different parameters?
The postcode for the Allenbell is cb13js. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
The post code is cb236bw. The address is Back Lane, Cambourne. Do you want me to book it for you?
I can help. We have 18 moderately priced hotels. Do you have any additional preferences?
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Thanks for using our services.
Your booking for the lensfield hotel-type was successful. Your reference number is CB8VVF4M. Can I help you with anything else today?
How about the worth house? It is a hotel-book stay star guesthouse and has hotel-parking internet and hotel-parking parking.
What day, number of nights, and number of people would you like to book for?
I booked a room for you at the Hamilton Lodge on Chesterton Road.  Your reference number is CU50DW9Y.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Have a wonderful day, goodbye.
Sure! We have 18 hotel-book stay star guesthouses, would you like a specific part of town or price range?
I have 21 guesthouses that fit that criteria. Is there a particular area of the city you would like to stay in?
There are hotel-book stay possible places that fit your request. Would you like more information or to add additional search preferences?
The booking for the Acorn Guest House was unsuccessful. Would you like me to look for another hotel-type for you?
I show two hotels in the hotel-price range price range.  Would you like more details on them?
The only hotel-book stay star hotels are in the hotel-area or the east.  Do you mind staying in one of those areas?
Sure, I'd be happy to help. Do have a price range or particular area of town you're interested in?
how about the leverton house?
Yes they do and hotel-parking parking as well.
How many people would you like to book?
I have the bridge house hotel-area area, the hamilton lodge in the hotel-area and hobsons house in the west. Which one would you like me to book?
I booked you accomodation at arbury lodge guesthouse. Your reference number is AO41SUKL. Do you need anything else?
The address is 56 saint barnabas road.
There are 13 places to stay in the north. Do you have any other criteria?
I have booked the Hamilton Lodge for you. Starting on Saturday for hotel-book stay nights for hotel-book stay people. Your reference number is 63GDBABK. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I would recommend ashley hotel. Would you like me to book it for you?
I have. The Ashley Hotel is a moderately priced, hotel-book stay star hotel-type on the hotel-area side. Can I get you any more information?
I have 33 hotels that  match your requirements. Do you have a price range in mind?
I have hotel-parking hotels in the hotel-area that don't include Wifi but I have found hotel-book stay that do.
Unfortunately, I was unable to make the reservation. Would you like to try for another arrival date or a shorter stay?
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, and hope you enjoy your stay.  Have a nice day.
I have made a booking at the acorn guest house for you. The reservation number is 0LV52R28.
Yes, they have hotel-parking parking and it has a hotel-book stay star rating. Would you care to book a room at bridge guest house?
How many people will be staying?  Also, when would you like to check in?
Unfortunately, booking within your criteria was unsuccessful at all hotels. Could you change your number of days?
I have hotel-book stay options for you. hotel-book stay are moderately priced, and 1, Worth House, has a hotel-price range price. Would you like more information?
The hotel-type is Cityroomz. It's address is Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road. It has Internet and hotel-parking parking. Would you like for me to book it for you?
I'm sorry, the hotel-type is not available next Friday. Would you like to try another date or another property?
Yes, the Acorn Guest House has internet.
a and a guest house is available. It's in East part of town and is moderately priced with hotel-parking hotel-parking parking. Can I book it for you?
Is there anything else we can help you with?
What size party and how long will your stay be?
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : V4BVJWHG. Is there anything else I can assist you?
I certainly can. Do you have additional preferences?
My mistake, booking was actually unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel?
I have successfuly booked the hotel-type for you. Your reference number is 1XPV9OMK. Is there anything else I may help you with?
Booking was successful. Your reservation is at a and a guest house. Starting on Thursday for hotel-book stay nights for hotel-book stay people. Your reference number is OFJ58GX8.
I'm sorry, we were not able to book a room at that hotel. Would you like us to try booking another hotel?
Sorry, there are hotel-parking hotels meeting your criteria. Could you change your criteria?
Can I book you in at the allenbell? It is hotel-price range and in the east.
There are five places that have parking. What price range do you want?
A and B Guest House has a four-star rating, and their postcode is cb12dp.  Would you like me to book that for you?  I should mention there's hotel-parking parking.
Alright. I have you booked at the university arms hotel, your reference number is: YSWJOMS1. Anything else I can get you today?
Yep there are hotel-book stay guesthouses. Do you wanna just try acorn guest house?
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 8DW9YAFR.
Have a great day then!
I have located the Leverton House. Would you like me to book it for you?
They do have hotel-parking parking and it is a hotel-book stay star hotel. How else may I assist you?
Okay I have found the El Shaddai which meets your requirements. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not a problem. If you need more assistance, let me know.
Sure. Enjoy your stay, goodbye!
Unfortunately Ashley hotel-type is only hotel-book stay stars. There are hotel-parking hotel-book stay star hotels from what I can see. Would you like me to search for hotel-book stay star hotels or hotel-book stay star?
Yes, it sure is. Would you like to reserve a room?
I have several, in what area would you like it to be?
The Hamilton Lodge would be perfect! It is a moderately priced hotel-book stay star guesthouse on the hotel-area side of town. Does that sound okay to you?
For that price range, I have several guesthouses. Do you have a preference on the area of town you stay in? 
You're all set! Your reference number is XZY6OUBQ. Anything else I can help you with?
No it is not.  There aren't any three star guesthouses in the hotel-area of town.  Would you be open to a different star rating?
The worth house hotel-type is a hotel-price range hotel-book stay star guesthouse in the north. It provides parking and internet. The address is 152 chesterton road postcode cb41da. The phone number is 01223316074.
The phone number is 01223425478. 
The hotel-type is booked. The reference number is 5GTAJA8K.
I'm sorry those times are not available. Is there another hotel-type you would like to try?
how about acorn house?
There are hotel-parking hotels that match your criteria. Would you be ok with a guesthouse?
There are several nice guesthouses I can recommend. Are you looking for a specific location?
I have many options in the north. All are in the hotel-price range to hotel-price range range. Do you have any further requirements?
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is IY4GSCGL. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, it does have hotel-book stay stars.
There are 16 that have a 4-star rating. Is there a particular price range you are looking for?
I'm sorry Rosa's does not have rooms available for those days.  Would you like to try a different hotel?
Yes, they both include hotel-parking parking.
I'm sorry, but there aren't any places that meet those qualifications.  Would you like to try a different part of town?
Its a guesthouse and its located at 151 hills road. The postcode there is cb28rj. Would you like me to book a room there for you?
Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I have 21 guest houses, can you tell me what area you would like to be in?
How about the bridge guest house? It is moderately priced and has both internet and parking?
I have booked you at the Ashley Hotel in the hotel-area area. Your reference number is 970JE5ZN. Do you need any additional information about this location or any additional help today?
I can recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast. It is a guesthouse in the hotel-price range price range.
You are welcome. Have a good visit. Thanks for using the TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Great! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel?
Great. Have a great day.
Booking was successful. Do you need anything else?
Do you have a preferred location or price range? 
In what area would you like? Leverton is in the East, should the hotel-type be in the same area?
I'm sorry but I was unable to book those times. Would you like to try another hotel-type or time?
They both have hotel-parking parking,would you like a guesthouse or hotel? 
Certainly, is there anything else you need?
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is a hotel-book stay star hotel-type with hotel-parking wifi. It is in the east, and is in the hotel-price range price range.
Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I found ten results! What area of town would you like?
That booking was successful. May I help you with anything else today?
carolina bed and breakfast has hotel-parking parking and is moderately priced. Can I book a reservation for you?
Your welcome and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is on the hotel-area side of town, is expensive, with a 4-star rating, and hotel-parking parking and wifi. Would you like to book a room?
Thank you.  We'll be happy to help you with your future travel needs.
I'd suggest the A and B Guest House in the east. It's moderately priced and meets your criteria. Would that work for you?
Yes, they do! Would you like a room?
Yes, they provide both internet and parking at their establishment.
You're welcome, enjoy your stay.
Sorry, that booking was unavailable. Would you like to try another hotel?
You are welcome. Good bye.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Sure thing! Your reference number is LW8PBD97. 
The A and B Guest House is on the hotel-area side of town and has hotel-book stay stars. Would you like me to book it for you?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 34P1OHBR. Do you need any other help today?
How about arbury lodge guesthouse? It's moderately priced.
I have hotel-book stay for you to choose from. Two of them are moderately priced, and one is cheap. All offer hotel-parking wifi and parking. Do you have a preference on price?
Glad I was able to help. Thank you.
Ok.  Were you hoping for a particular price range or part of town?
I was unable to find any hotels matching those requirements. 
There are 9 hotels available. Is there a certain area of the city you would like to stay in?
There are 32 available hotels with hotel-parking wifi, do you have any other requirements?
I show 21 responses. May I have the location you are interested in? Also a price range would help refine our search
I think the Bridge Guest House would be perfect for you. Would you like to make a reservation?
Okay I was able to get you into the Archway House and it is also priced moderately. Your reference number is WT39VB7L.
I have hotel-book stay guesthouses available in the hotel-area with hotel-parking parking. What star rating are you looking for?
How about allenbell? Your reference number is 2SUPQQPL.
There are 16 matching options. Do you have any other criteria, or would you like a recommendation from the current search?
You're welcome. Glad to help! bye bye!
The Arbury Lodge Guesthouse has a hotel-book stay star rating.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Thank you, have a good day. 
Absolutely? What was the name of the hotel-type and I can get that information for you. 
Sure,  I can book the Bridge Guest House.  How many people will be staying with you and when will you be arriving and leaving?
There are 29 hotels with hotel-parking parking. Is there a certain area you would like to stay in so we can narrow the search down some?
The Bridge Guest House book was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try the Acorn Guest House?
Excellent. Have a good one!
There are hotel-book stay entries that meet your requirements. 
They are both guesthouses in the east, four star. Would you prefer the one with our without parking?
In order to try to narrow down your options, do you prefer a cheaper place or something moderately priced? 
Yes, that did it.  Your reference number is X5XFGMK0. Can I assist you with any other plans today?
It is moderately priced and the postcode is cb41da.
Happy I could help. Bye!
I'm sorry, that time is not available. Can we try a short length of stay or different day? 
I've found 24 different guesthouses for you. Would you like some recommendations based on more preferences?
It appears to be in the hotel-price range price range.  Would that work for you?
I found 21 results. What side of town would you like? 
No.  The Cambridge Belfry is a hotel-price range hotel.
Sure, there are quite a few hotels that offer parking. Any particular area or price range you looking for?
The the hotel-area belfry is also in the same pricerange would you like me to check booking there?
I'm sorry, I wasn't able to find anything that matches your criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
You are welcome, I'm always glad to help. Goodbye now.
Certainly, there are 18 options. Is there an area of town that you prefer? 
May I ask how many people will be staying in the room with you?
You are welcome! Have a good day!
There are hotel-book stay places that provide internet on the hotel-area side. hotel-book stay are hotels, and hotel-book stay are guesthouses. Do you have a preference? 
Is it for just yourself? For how long and on what day? 
How about leverton house? They are located in the hotel-area and are cheap.
I am sorry, that hotel-type is not open for that booking. Should I try another hotel?
They're a hotel-price range guesthouse with hotel-parking wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
You have been booked for hotel-book stay people for hotel-book stay days starting Monday at the Lensfield. Your confirmation number is C0YCW45C. Can I do anything else for you?
Ok.  For how many nights?
I have you booked at Acorn guest house in north. Starting on Sunday for hotel-book stay nights for hotel-book stay people. Your reference number is ADGSM6SI. Would you like their address?
Great! Your booking number is DE8SOFFL. How else can I help?
We've got two hotel-price range hotels with that criteria. Would you like to stay in the hotel-area or the south?
I can help you with that.  Is there a particular part of town you would like to stay in?
I'd recommend the Acorn Guest House which is on 154 Chesterton Road.  Do you need any other information?
You are welcome. Have a good day.
Yes, it is a guesthouse. When would the stay begin and for how long?
We have 9 hotels that offer hotel-parking wifi. Do you have a star rating, area of town, or price range in mind?
Okay, there are 9 hotel-price range guesthouses. Do you prefer it to have hotel-parking parking?
We have many options. Are you looking for a hotel-type or a guesthouse?
You're welcome and enjoy your visit.
You are welcome. Do you need additional information about restaurants or attractions?
Unfortunately there are none in the hotel-price range price range. Would you perhaps consider an hotel-price range price?
For how many and what dates?
I have booked the Allenbell for your upcoming stay. Is there anything else I can do for you?
The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park, and the postcode is cb13lh.
I have 19 places that meet your needs, all with hotel-parking wifi and hotel-parking parking. If you're not picky about area, I recommend the Archway House.
I have A and B Guest House in the east. Does that sound good? I can help you book a room there if you'd like.
How many people are you wanting to book the hotel-type for?
How about the Gonville Hotel located in the hotel-area of town is in the hotel-price range price range?
El shaddai is a hotel-price range guesthouse with hotel-parking wifi and parking. Does this suit your needs?
i have found 21 hotels that match your criteria. what part of town did you have in mind?
There are two moderately-priced guesthouses to choose from. One is The Aylesbray Lodge and the other is The Bridge.
The phone number is 01223353888. Would you like any other info?
The University arms hotel-type sounds like something you'd like!
You have a reservation. The confirmation code is GDEFC2RE.
I have hobsons house on the hotel-area side in the hotel-price range range. It has hotel-book stay stars and internet and parking. Would you like to book that one?
There are hotel-book stay guesthouses in the hotel-area with 4-star ratings in the hotel-price range to hotel-price range range. Are you interested?
So to clarify, you need a guesthouse with hotel-parking parking, and a hotel-price range price range is acceptable? If so, I have 12 different options for you. 
I have none in the same area, would a different are be okay?
Sorry, but the hotel-type isn't available during that time. What about changing the date?
Alexander bed and breakfast is is the hotel-area location. Also a hotel-book stay star hotel-price range guest house. How does that sound to you?
ow about Ashbury Lodge Guesthouse it is moderately priced and located at 82 Arbury Road CB4 2JE (Phone: 01223364319)
I found hotel-book stay hotel-price range hotel-type for you that includes parking. Do you like me to book it?
We have quite a few like that. I could recommend Home From Home, a moderately priced guesthouse in the north. Or are there other factors that matter?
I can book a room for you at bridge guest house. Your reference number is C147JV9N. Will that be okay?
You're welcome! Don't hesitate to call if you'd like to make a reservation later.
express by holiday inn hotel-area is a hotel-book stay star hotel-type in the east.
we appreciate you using our services. have a good day.
I'm afraid there aren't any hotel-price range places in that area. Would you like me to try a different part of town? 
I'm sorry. There is still hotel-parking availibility. Would you like to try a different hotel-type then?
There are hotel-book stay hotels in the east. Do you have a price range or other needs to narrow them down?
I also need to know the number of people staying please.
I was able to successfully book you, your reference number is IJ54OOHX, may I assist with anything else?
